spaced;position (two or more items) at a distance from one another.
claps;strike the palms of one's hands together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something (third person).
placed;put in a particular position (past tense).
paces;a single step taken when walking or running (plural).
leaps;jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force (third person).
paean;a song of praise or triumph.
panda;a large bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings.
place;a particular position, point, or area in space.
aped;imitate (someone or something), especially in an absurd or unthinking way (past tense).
naps;sleep lightly or briefly, especially during the day (plural).
pads;a thick piece of soft material, typically used to protect or shape something, or to absorb liquid (plural).
apse;a large semicircular or polygonal recess in a church, arched or with a domed roof and typically at the church's eastern end.
lapsed;no longer valid - expired.
pals;close friends.
spade;a tool with a sharp-edged, typically rectangular, metal blade and a long handle, used for digging or cutting earth, sand, turf, etc.
aspen;a poplar tree with small rounded long-stalked leaves that tremble in the breeze.
paeans;a song of praise or triumph (plural).
plead;make an emotional appeal.
pleas;a request made in an urgent and emotional manner (plural).
sped;past and past participle of speed.
clasp;grasp (something) tightly with one's hand.
panes;a single sheet of glass in a window or door (plural).
peas;the round, edible seed of a widely cultivated plant of the legume family (plural).
leap;jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
canapes;a small piece of bread or pastry with a savoury topping, served with drinks at receptions or formal parties (plural).
pans;a metal container used for cooking food in (plural).
pandas;a large bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings (plural).
paced;walk at a steady speed, especially without a particular destination and as an expression of anxiety or annoyance (past tense).
panel;a flat or curved component, typically rectangular, that forms or is set into the surface of a door, wall, or ceiling.
clasped;grasp (something) tightly with one's hand (past tense).
plan;a detailed proposal for doing or achieving something.
spend;give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
panels;a flat or curved component, typically rectangular, that forms or is set into the surface of a door, wall, or ceiling (plural).
pales;become white in the face from shock or fear (third person).
lapse;a brief or temporary failure of concentration, memory, or judgement.
peals;a loud ringing of a bell or bells (plural).
palaces;a large and impressive building forming the official residence of a ruler, pope, archbishop, etc (plural).
pleads;make an emotional appeal (third person).
scalped;take the scalp of an enemy (past tense).
apace;developing or continuing quickly.
laps;one circuit of a race track (plural).
places;a particular position, point, or area in space (plural).
peal;a loud ringing of a bell or bells.
snap;break suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
pane;a single sheet of glass in a window or door.
apnea;temporary cessation of breathing, especially during sleep.
plane;a flat or level surface of a material object.
clap;strike the palms of one's hands together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something.
nape;the back of a person's neck.
caped;wearing a cape.
capes;a sleeveless cloak, typically a short one (plural).
napes;the back of a person's neck (plural).
cape;a sleeveless cloak, typically a short one.
space;a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.
landscape;all the visible features of an area of land, often considered in terms of their aesthetic appeal.
canape;a small piece of bread or pastry with a savoury topping, served with drinks at receptions or formal parties.
span;the full extent of something from end to end.
pedal;a foot-operated lever.
palace;a large and impressive building forming the official residence of a ruler, pope, archbishop, etc.
apes;a large primate that lacks a tail, including the gorilla, chimpanzees, orangutan, and gibbons (plural).
pace;a single step taken when walking or running.
pecans;a smooth pinkish-brown nut with an edible kernel similar to a walnut (plural).
pedals;a foot-operated lever (plural).
planes;a flat or level surface of a material object (plural).
plea;a request made in an urgent and emotional manner.
planed;(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings - glide.
paled;become white in the face from shock or fear (past tense).
plans;a detailed proposal for doing or achieving something (plural).
pens;an instrument for writing or drawing with ink (plural).
pecan;a smooth pinkish-brown nut with an edible kernel similar to a walnut.
penal;relating to, used for, or prescribing the punishment of offenders under the legal system.
pale;light in colour or shade.
slap;hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
