learn;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
name;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
omen;an event regarded as a portent of good or evil.
renal;relating to the kidneys.
normal;conforming to a standard. Usual, typical, or expected.
manor;a large country house with lands.
alone;having no one else present.
lawn;an area of short, regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park.
aeon;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
moan;a long, low sound made by a person expressing physical or mental suffering.
noel;Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards.
loaner;something (such as a car or a watch) that is lent especially as a replacement for something being repaired.
roan;denoting an animal, especially a horse or cow, having a coat of a main colour thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour.
wren;a small short-winged songbird.
mown;cut down (grass) with a machine (past tense).
amen;uttered at the end of a prayer or hymn, meaning ‘so be it’.
women;an adult human female (plural).
loner;a person who prefers not to associate with others.
roman;(of type) of a plain upright kind used in ordinary print, especially as distinguished from italic and Gothic.
anew;in a new or different and typically more positive way.
woman;an adult human female.
lone;having no companions, solitary or single.
enrol;officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enamor;be filled with love for.
warn;inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
melon;the large round fruit of a plant of the gourd family, with sweet pulpy flesh and many seeds.
wean;accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
owner;a person who owns something.
worn;past participle of wear.
norm;something that is usual, typical, or standard.
moaner;a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining.
lorn;lonely and abandoned (adj).
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
morn;literary term for morning.
lawnmower;a machine for cutting the grass on a lawn.
wane;(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
lemon;a pale yellow oval citrus fruit with thick skin and fragrant, acidic juice.
mane;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal.
lane;a narrow road, especially in a rural area.
lean;be in or move into a sloping position.
mean;intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing).
loan;a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
near;at or to a short distance away.
elan;a combination of style and energetic confidence, especially in performances or manner.
ramen;quick-cooking noodles, typically served in a broth with meat and vegetables.
namer;a person who gives a name or names.
reloan;a further loan of the same money - a renewed loan.
