sealant;material used for sealing something so as to make it airtight or watertight.
sale;the exchange of a commodity for money. The action of selling something.
lanes;a narrow road, especially in a rural area (plural).
antlers;each of the branched horns on the head of an adult deer (typically a male one), which are made of bone and are grown and cast annually (plural).
ales;any beer other than lager, stout, or porter (plural).
natal;relating to the place or time of one's birth.
latter;occurring or situated nearer to the end of something than to the beginning.
talent;natural aptitude or skill.
rental;a rented house or car.
lest;with the intention of preventing (something undesirable). To avoid the risk of.
earls;a British nobleman ranking above a viscount and below a marquess (plural).
astral;relating to or resembling the stars.
salter;a person dealing in or employed in the production of salt.
alerts;an announcement or signal warning of danger (plural).
snarl;(of an animal such as a dog) make an aggressive growl with bared teeth.
starlet;a young actress with aspirations to become a star.
leans;be in or move into a sloping position (third person).
laser;a device that generates an intense beam of coherent monochromatic light.
latest;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time (superlative adj).
arsenal;a collection of weapons and military equipment.
slattern;a dirty, untidy woman.
stale;(of food) no longer fresh and pleasant to eat.
reals;the basic monetary unit of Brazil (plural).
lets;not prevent or forbid. Allow (third person).
latent;(of a quality or state) existing but not yet developed or manifest. Hidden or concealed.
lent;past and past participle of lend.
late;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time.
rattles;make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds (third person).
aslant;at an angle or in a sloping direction.
latte;a type of coffee made with espresso and hot steamed milk, milkier than a cappuccino.
later;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time (comparative adj).
slate;a fine-grained grey, green, or bluish-purple metamorphic rock easily split into smooth, flat plates.
salt;a white crystalline substance which gives seawater its characteristic taste and is used for seasoning or preserving food.
startle;cause to feel sudden shock or alarm.
lane;a narrow road, especially in a rural area.
least;smallest in amount, extent, or significance.
rattle;make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds.
alas;used to express grief, pity, or concern.
real;actually existing as a thing or occurring in fact - not imagined or supposed.
antler;each of the branched horns on the head of an adult deer (typically a male one), which are made of bone and are grown and cast annually.
talents;natural aptitude or skill (plural).
altar;the table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services.
anal;relating to or situated near the anus.
learn;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
renal;relating to the kidneys.
slat;a thin, narrow piece of wood, plastic, or metal, especially one of a series which overlap or fit into each other, as in a fence or a Venetian blind.
steal;take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it.
learnt;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught (past tense).
alter;change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
staler;(of food) no longer fresh and pleasant to eat (comparative adj).
tale;a fictitious or true narrative or story, especially one that is imaginatively recounted.
teal;a dark greenish-blue colour.
leas;an open area of grassy or arable land (plural).
last;coming after all others in time or order.
earl;a British nobleman ranking above a viscount and below a marquess.
alters;change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way (third person).
lean;be in or move into a sloping position.
lattes;a type of coffee made with espresso and hot steamed milk, milkier than a cappuccino (plural).
tales;a fictitious or true narrative or story, especially one that is imaginatively recounted (plural).
slant;slope or lean in a particular direction OR diverge or cause to diverge from the vertical or horizontal.
alert;quick to notice any unusual and potentially dangerous or difficult circumstances.
learns;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught (third person).
translate;express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
lens;a piece of glass or other transparent material with curved sides for concentrating or dispersing light rays.
nasal;relating to the nose.
seal;a device or substance that is used to join two things together so as to prevent them coming apart or to prevent anything passing between them.
rentals;a rented house or car (plural).
altars;the table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services (plural).
atlas;a book of maps or charts.
teals;a dark greenish-blue colour (plural).
