alone ; having no one else present.
login ; the information you use to sign into a computer or online service.
loaned ; borrow (a sum of money or item of property) (past tense).
gonads ; an organ that produces gametes (plural).
nose ; the part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person or animal, containing the nostrils and used for breathing and smelling.
lesion ; a region in an organ or tissue that has suffered damage through injury or disease, such as a wound, ulcer, abscess, tumor, etc.
golden ; colored or shining with a bright yellow hue.
long ; measuring a great distance from end to end.
onside ; (of a player, especially in soccer, rugby, or hockey) occupying a position where playing the ball or puck is allowed.
noes ; a negative answer or decision, as in voting (plural).
goalie ; informal term for goaltender or goalkeeper.
dong ; sound made by a brass bell, when rung.
diagnose ; identify the nature of (an illness or other problem) by examination of the symptoms.
legions ; a unit of 3,000–6,000 men in the ancient Roman army (plural).
dole ; benefit paid by the government to the unemployed.
sidelong ; directed to or from one side.
longed ; have a strong wish or desire (past tense).
lingo ; a foreign language or local dialect.
ogled ; stare at in a lecherous manner (past tense).
soda ; carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate).
nosed ; having a nose or projecting part of a specified kind.
aloe ; a succulent plant, typically having a rosette of toothed fleshy leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems.
sloe ; another term for blackthorn.
gold ; a yellow precious metal, valued especially for use in jewelry and decoration, and to guarantee the value of currencies.
dose ; a quantity of a medicine or drug taken or recommended to be taken at a particular time.
agonise ; undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something.
loge ; a private box or enclosure in a theater.
alongside ; close to the side of.
snog ; kiss and cuddle amorously.
lido ; a public open-air swimming pool or bathing beach.
loads ; a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried (plural).
aeon ; an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
lingoes ; a foreign language or local dialect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
lingos ; a foreign language or local dialect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
loins ; the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones (plural).
lodes ; a vein of metal ore in the earth (plural).
lidos ; a public open-air swimming pool or bathing beach (plural).
dongles ; a small piece of hardware that connects to another device to provide it with additional functionality (plural).
noise ; a sound, especially one that is loud or unpleasant or that causes disturbance.
anodes ; the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device (plural).
noels ; Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards (plural).
loading ; a cargo, weight, or stress placed on something
sole ; a marine flatfish of almost worldwide distribution, important as a food fish.
noised ; talk about or make known publicly (past tense).
dongs ; sound made by a brass bell, when rung (plural).
logs ; a part of the trunk or a large branch of a tree that has fallen or been cut off (plural).
gods ; the creator and ruler of the universe and source of all moral authority (plural).
noil ; short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning.
loan ; a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
solid ; firm and stable in shape.
doings ; the activities in which a particular person engages.
goad ; provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction.
dosage ; the size or frequency of a dose of a medicine or drug.
dons ; put on (an item of clothing) (third person).
sago ; edible starch that is obtained from a palm and is a staple food in parts of the tropics.
dingo ; a wild or half-domesticated dog with a sandy-colored coat, found in Australia. It is believed to have been introduced by early Aboriginal immigrants.
legion ; a unit of 3,000–6,000 men in the ancient Roman army.
lose ; be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
longs ; have a strong wish or desire (third person).
gonad ; an organ that produces gametes.
dogies ; a motherless or neglected calf (plural).
ions ; an atom or molecule with a net electric charge due to the loss or gain of one or more electrons (plural).
golds ; a yellow precious metal, valued especially for use in jewelry and decoration, and to guarantee the value of currencies (plural).
insole ; a removable sole worn in a shoe for warmth, as a deodorizer, or to improve the fit.
aloes ; a succulent plant, typically having a rosette of toothed fleshy leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems (plural).
soling ; put a new sole onto (a shoe).
aeons ; an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
eons ; an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
soil ; the upper layer of earth in which plants grow.
soled ; put a new sole onto (a shoe) (past tense).
doling ; distribute shares of something (continuous).
oldie ; an old song, film, or television program that is still well known or popular.
lions ; a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India (plural).
oils ; a viscous liquid derived from petroleum, especially for use as a fuel or lubricant (plural).
lodge ; a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, typically occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee.
oiled ; lubricate or coat (something) with oil (past tense).
lode ; a vein of metal ore in the earth.
gaol ; chiefly British alternative spelling of 'jail' (pronounced the same).
gasoline ; refined petroleum used as fuel for internal combustion engines.
ogle ; stare at in a lecherous manner.
idols ; an image or representation of a god used as an object of worship (plural).
loin ; the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones.
slog ; work hard over a period of time.
goalies ; informal term for goaltender or goalkeeper (plural).
agonised ; undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something (past tense).
does ; third person singular present of do.
node ; a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
olden ; relating to former times.
loans ; a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest (plural).
gone ; past participle of go.
noils ; short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning (plural).
doing ; perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified).
loges ; a private box or enclosure in a theater (plural).
along ; moving in a constant direction on (a path or any more or less horizontal surface).
egos ; a person's sense of self-esteem or self-importance (plural).
losing ; be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
gaols ; chiefly British alternative spelling of 'jail' (pronounced the same) (plural).
also ; in addition.
nodes ; a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch (plural).
gaoled ; put (someone) in jail (chiefly British alternative spelling) (past tense).
goes ; third person singular present of go.
done ; past participle of do.
silo ; a tower or pit on a farm used to store grain.
lion ; a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India.
dongle ; a small piece of hardware that connects to another device to provide it with additional functionality
slogan ; a short and striking or memorable phrase used in advertising.
noel ; Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards.
lodges ; a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, typically occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee (plural).
idol ; an image or representation of a god used as an object of worship.
dogs ; a domesticated carnivorous mammal of the canis genus (plural).
ones ; the lowest cardinal number (plural).
goads ; provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction (third person).
anode ; the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device.
dosing ; administer a dose to (a person or animal).
nods ; lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
load ; a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried.
odes ; a lyric poem in the form of an address to a particular subject, often elevated in style or manner and written in varied or irregular meter (plural).
sold ; give or hand over (something) in exchange for money (past tense).
nodal ; denoting a point in a network or diagram at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
ogles ; stare at in a lecherous manner (third person).
salon ; an establishment where a hairdresser, beautician, or couturier conducts business.
soiled ; make dirty (past tense).
song ; a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
doles ; distribute shares of something (third person).
dingoes ; a wild or half-domesticated dog with a sandy-colored coat, found in Australia. It is believed to have been introduced by early Aboriginal immigrants (plural).
oldies ; an old song, film, or television program that is still well known or popular (plural).
dogie ; a motherless or neglected calf.
lone ; having no companions, solitary or single.
goal ; the object of a person's ambition or effort.
agonies ; extreme physical or mental suffering (plural).
goals ; the object of a person's ambition or effort (plural).
soli ; plural form of solo.
geoid ; a hypothetical surface related to the shape of the earth that corresponds to mean sea level.
dialog ; a conversation between two or more people as a feature of a book, play, or film (American spelling).
geoidal ; relating to the shape of the earth.
dialogs ; a conversation between two or more people as a feature of a book, play, or film (American spelling) (plural).
anodise ; to coat (a metal, especially magnesium or aluminum) with a protective film by chemical or electrolytic means.
soilage ; green fodder, especially when freshly cut and fed to livestock in a confined area.
