alone;having no one else present.
loaned;borrow (a sum of money or item of property) (past tense).
nose;the part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person or animal, containing the nostrils and used for breathing and smelling.
long;measuring a great distance from end to end.
gold;a yellow precious metal, valued especially for use in jewelry and decoration, and to guarantee the value of currencies.
dose;a quantity of a medicine or drug taken or recommended to be taken at a particular time.
agonise;undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something.
loads;a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried (plural).
logs;a part of the trunk or a large branch of a tree that has fallen or been cut off (plural).
gods;the creator and ruler of the universe and source of all moral authority (plural).
loan;a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
solid;firm and stable in shape.
dosage;the size or frequency of a dose of a medicine or drug.
lose;be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
soil;the upper layer of earth in which plants grow.
lions;a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India (plural).
oils;a viscous liquid derived from petroleum, especially for use as a fuel or lubricant (plural).
lodge;a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, typically occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee.
oiled;lubricate or coat (something) with oil (past tense).
idols;an image or representation of a god used as an object of worship (plural).
slog;work hard over a period of time.
goalies;informal term for goaltender or goalkeeper (plural).
agonised;undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something (past tense).
does;third person singular present of do.
node;a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
loans;a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest (plural).
gone;past participle of go.
doing;perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified).
along;moving in a constant direction on (a path or any more or less horizontal surface).
egos;a person's sense of self-esteem or self-importance (plural).
losing;be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
gaols;chiefly British alternative spelling of 'jail' (pronounced the same) (plural).
also;in addition.
nodes;a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch (plural).
goes;third person singular present of go.
done;past participle of do.
silo;a tower or pit on a farm used to store grain.
lion;a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India.
dongle;a small piece of hardware that connects to another device to provide it with additional functionality
slogan;a short and striking or memorable phrase used in advertising.
lodges;a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, typically occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee (plural).
idol;an image or representation of a god used as an object of worship.
dogs;a domesticated carnivorous mammal of the canis genus (plural).
ones;the lowest cardinal number (plural).
goads;provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction (third person).
anode;the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device.
dosing;administer a dose to (a person or animal).
nods;lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
load;a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried.
odes;a lyric poem in the form of an address to a particular subject, often elevated in style or manner and written in varied or irregular meter (plural).
sold;give or hand over (something) in exchange for money (past tense).
nodal;denoting a point in a network or diagram at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
ogles;stare at in a lecherous manner (third person).
salon;an establishment where a hairdresser, beautician, or couturier conducts business.
soiled;make dirty (past tense).
song;a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
doles;distribute shares of something (third person).
lone;having no companions, solitary or single.
goal;the object of a person's ambition or effort.
agonies;extreme physical or mental suffering (plural).
goals;the object of a person's ambition or effort (plural).
anodise;to coat (a metal, especially magnesium or aluminum) with a protective film by chemical or electrolytic means.
soilage;green fodder, especially when freshly cut and fed to livestock in a confined area.
doling;distribute shares of something (continuous).
oldie;an old song, film, or television program that is still well known or popular.
doings;the activities in which a particular person engages.
goad;provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction.
noil;short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning.
sole;a marine flatfish of almost worldwide distribution, important as a food fish.
noised;talk about or make known publicly (past tense).
dongs;sound made by a brass bell, when rung (plural).
dongles;a small piece of hardware that connects to another device to provide it with additional functionality (plural).
noise;a sound, especially one that is loud or unpleasant or that causes disturbance.
loins;the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones (plural).
lodes;a vein of metal ore in the earth (plural).
longed;have a strong wish or desire (past tense).
lingo;a foreign language or local dialect.
ogled;stare at in a lecherous manner (past tense).
aeon;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
lingoes;a foreign language or local dialect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
lingos;a foreign language or local dialect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
aeons;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
eons;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
dogies;a motherless or neglected calf (plural).
loden;a fulled, waterproof wool cloth with a short pile, used for coats.
siloed;(of a system, process, department, etc.) isolated from others.
logins;the information you use to sign into a computer or online service (plural).
lode;a vein of metal ore in the earth.
gaol;chiefly British alternative spelling of 'jail' (pronounced the same).
soled;put a new sole onto (a shoe) (past tense).
geoid;a hypothetical surface related to the shape of the earth that corresponds to mean sea level.
dialog;a conversation between two or more people as a feature of a book, play, or film (American spelling).
geoidal;relating to the shape of the earth.
dialogs;a conversation between two or more people as a feature of a book, play, or film (American spelling) (plural).
soli;plural form of solo.
dingoes;a wild or half-domesticated dog with a sandy-colored coat, found in Australia. It is believed to have been introduced by early Aboriginal immigrants (plural).
oldies;an old song, film, or television program that is still well known or popular (plural).
dogie;a motherless or neglected calf.
noel;Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards.
gaoled;put (someone) in jail (chiefly British alternative spelling) (past tense).
loges;a private box or enclosure in a theater (plural).
aloes;a succulent plant, typically having a rosette of toothed fleshy leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems (plural).
soling;put a new sole onto (a shoe).
golds;a yellow precious metal, valued especially for use in jewelry and decoration, and to guarantee the value of currencies (plural).
noils;short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning (plural).
olden;relating to former times.
loin;the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones.
gasoline;refined petroleum used as fuel for internal combustion engines.
ogle;stare at in a lecherous manner.
longs;have a strong wish or desire (third person).
gonad;an organ that produces gametes.
ions;an atom or molecule with a net electric charge due to the loss or gain of one or more electrons (plural).
insole;a removable sole worn in a shoe for warmth, as a deodorizer, or to improve the fit.
dons;put on (an item of clothing) (third person).
sago;edible starch that is obtained from a palm and is a staple food in parts of the tropics.
soda;carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate).
diagnose;identify the nature of (an illness or other problem) by examination of the symptoms.
legions;a unit of 3,000–6,000 men in the ancient Roman army (plural).
dole;benefit paid by the government to the unemployed.
sidelong;directed to or from one side.
goalie;informal term for goaltender or goalkeeper.
onside;(of a player, especially in soccer, rugby, or hockey) occupying a position where playing the ball or puck is allowed.
lesion;a region in an organ or tissue that has suffered damage through injury or disease, such as a wound, ulcer, abscess, tumor, etc.
nosed;having a nose or projecting part of a specified kind.
aloe;a succulent plant, typically having a rosette of toothed fleshy leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems.
sloe;another term for blackthorn.
lidos;a public open-air swimming pool or bathing beach (plural).
loge;a private box or enclosure in a theater.
alongside;close to the side of.
snog;kiss and cuddle amorously.
lido;a public open-air swimming pool or bathing beach.
dong;sound made by a brass bell, when rung.
anodes;the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device (plural).
noels;Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards (plural).
dingo;a wild or half-domesticated dog with a sandy-colored coat, found in Australia. It is believed to have been introduced by early Aboriginal immigrants.
legion;a unit of 3,000–6,000 men in the ancient Roman army.
loading;placing a cargo, weight, or stress on something
golden;colored or shining with a bright yellow hue.
gonads;an organ that produces gametes (plural).
login;the information you use to sign into a computer or online service.
noes;a negative answer or decision, as in voting (plural).
