fail;be unsuccessful in achieving one's goal.
flue;a duct for smoke and waste gases produced by a fire, a gas heater, a power station, or other fuel-burning installation.
futile;incapable of producing any useful result - pointless.
flat;having a level surface without raised areas or indentations.
file;a folder or box for holding loose papers together and in order for easy reference.
flub;botch or bungle (something).
flea;a small wingless jumping insect which feeds on the blood of mammals and birds.
flit;move swiftly and lightly.
leaf;a flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade-like, that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk.
lift;raise to a higher position or level.
fate;the development of events outside a person's control, regarded as predetermined by a supernatural power.
fibula;the outer and usually smaller of the two bones between the knee and the ankle.
feat;an achievement that requires great courage, skill, or strength.
life;the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change preceding death.
fibulae;the outer and usually smaller of the two bones between the knee and the ankle (plural).
befit;be appropriate for - suited.
felt;a kind of cloth made by rolling and pressing wool or another suitable textile accompanied by the application of moisture or heat, which causes the constituent fibres to mat together to create a smooth surface.
filet;French spelling of fillet, used especially in the names of French or French-sounding dishes.
fuel;material such as coal, gas, or oil that is burned to produce heat or power.
fable;a short story, typically with animals as characters, conveying a moral.
beautiful;pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.
fiat;a formal authorization or proposition a decree. Often used in relation to money.
flute;a wind instrument made from a tube with holes that are stopped by the fingers or keys, held vertically or horizontally.
flab;soft loose flesh on a person's body - fat.
left;on, towards, or relating to the side of a human body or of a thing which is to the west when the person or thing is facing north.
feta;a white salty Greek cheese made from the milk of ewes or goats.
fault;an unattractive or unsatisfactory feature, especially in a piece of work or in a person's character.
fetal;relating to a fetus.
