rain;the condensed moisture of the atmosphere falling visibly in separate drops.
hinge;a movable joint or mechanism on which a door, gate, or lid swings as it opens and closes or which connects linked objects.
earring;a piece of jewellery worn on the lobe or edge of the ear.
bane;a cause of great distress or annoyance.
rang;past tense of ring.
grain;wheat or any other cultivated cereal used as food.
hanger;a shaped piece of wood, plastic, or metal with a hook at the top, from which clothes may be hung in order to keep them in shape.
reign;hold royal office - rule as monarch.
garner;gather or collect something, especially information or support.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
bring;take or go with someone or something to a place.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
barn;a large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
barring;except for - if not for.
ringer;someone who rings church bells.
erring;having failed to adhere to the proper or accepted standards (continuous tense).
baring;uncover a part of the body and expose it to view (continuous tense).
reran;to run again (past tense).
rangier;(of a person) tall and slim with long, slender limbs (comparative adj).
banger;a British term for sausage.
regain;obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
rearing;bring up and care for a child or animal until they are fully grown.
gainer;a person or organization who gains something from a particular situation.
neigh;a characteristic high whinnying sound made by a horse.
raring;very enthusiastic and eager to do something.
grin;smile broadly.
haring;running with great speed.
bearing;a person's way of standing or moving.
bean;an edible seed, typically kidney-shaped, growing in long pods on certain leguminous plants.
began;perform or undergo the first part of an action or activity (past tense).
begin;perform or undergo the first part of an action or activity.
barren;(of land) too poor to produce much or any vegetation.
hang;suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
gain;obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable).
brain;an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
near;at or to a short distance away.
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
bran;pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
nigh;near (archaic).
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
binge;a period of excessive indulgence in an activity, especially drinking alcohol or eating.
ring;a small circular band, typically of precious metal and often set with one or more gemstones, worn on a finger as an ornament or a token of marriage, engagement, or authority.
harbinger;a person or thing that announces or signals the approach of another.
ranger;a keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside.
being;existence.
angrier;feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility (comparative adj).
bringer;someone who brings or provides something.
hernia;a condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it.
herring;a fairly small silvery fish which is most abundant in coastal waters and is of widespread commercial importance.
bang;a sudden loud, sharp noise.
hearing;the faculty of perceiving sounds.
brine;water strongly impregnated with salt.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
