hare;a fast-running, long-eared mammal that resembles a large rabbit, having very long hind legs and typically found in grassland or open woodland.
bring;take or go with someone or something to a place.
regain;obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
brain;an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
hear;perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
brie;a kind of soft, mild, creamy cheese with a firm white skin.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
haring;running with great speed.
ranger;a keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside.
baring;uncover a part of the body and expose it to view (continuous tense).
hanger;a shaped piece of wood, plastic, or metal with a hook at the top, from which clothes may be hung in order to keep them in shape.
heir;a person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
bearing;a person's way of standing or moving.
hire;employ (someone) for wages.
barn;a large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
rhea;a large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with greyish-brown plumage.
bear;manage to tolerate (a situation or experience).
garb;clothing, especially of a distinctive or special kind.
earring;a piece of jewellery worn on the lobe or edge of the ear.
rebar;reinforcing steel used as rods in concrete.
erring;having failed to adhere to the proper or accepted standards (continuous tense).
hernia;a condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it.
bran;pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
garner;gather or collect something, especially information or support.
hearing;the faculty of perceiving sounds.
raring;very enthusiastic and eager to do something.
gainer;a person or organization who gains something from a particular situation.
angrier;feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility (comparative adj).
brag;say something in a boastful manner.
barer;without addition, basic and simple (comparative adj).
rang;past tense of ring.
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
bier;a movable frame on which a coffin or a corpse is placed before burial or cremation or on which they are carried to the grave.
rare;(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
rear;the back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
herb;any plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, or perfume.
rehab;a course of treatment for drug or alcohol dependence, typically at a residential facility.
ringer;someone who rings church bells.
barge;a long flat-bottomed boat for carrying freight on canals and rivers, either under its own power or towed by another.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
barring;except for - if not for.
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
grin;smile broadly.
herring;a fairly small silvery fish which is most abundant in coastal waters and is of widespread commercial importance.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
rain;the condensed moisture of the atmosphere falling visibly in separate drops.
barren;(of land) too poor to produce much or any vegetation.
rehang;hang (something) again or differently.
near;at or to a short distance away.
brig;a type of ship with two masts and square sails.
ring;a small circular band, typically of precious metal and often set with one or more gemstones, worn on a finger as an ornament or a token of marriage, engagement, or authority.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts.
reran;to run again (past tense).
rangier;(of a person) tall and slim with long, slender limbs (comparative adj).
bare;(of a person or part of the body) not clothed or covered.
hair;any of the fine thread-like strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
brine;water strongly impregnated with salt.
bringer;someone who brings or provides something.
harbinger;a person or thing that announces or signals the approach of another.
grab;grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
banger;a British term for sausage.
rearing;bring up and care for a child or animal until they are fully grown.
grain;wheat or any other cultivated cereal used as food.
reign;hold royal office - rule as monarch.
rebag;to place in another bag.
briar;any of a number of prickly scrambling shrubs, especially a wild rose.
rehang;hang (something) again or differently.
hirer;a person responsible for hiring workers.
hegira;a journey by a large group to escape from a hostile environment.
