earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
near;at or to a short distance away.
rent;a tenant's regular payment to a landlord for the use of property or land.
rant;speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
throne;the chair of state for a monarch.
another;used to refer to an additional person or thing of the same type as one already mentioned.
bran;pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
born;existing as a result of birth.
bear;manage to tolerate (a situation or experience).
rather;used to indicate one's preference in a particular matter.
baron;a member of the lowest order of the British nobility OR an important or powerful person in a specified business or industry.
barn;a large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
hare;a fast-running, long-eared mammal that resembles a large rabbit.
tear;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
hart;an adult male deer.
bather;a person swimming or spending time in the water.
reborn;brought back to life or activity.
borer;any of various insects or larvae or mollusks that bore into wood.
borne;past participle of bear.
berth;to come into or dock at a wharf.
barter;to exchange goods without involving money.
bore;make (a hole) in something with a tool or by digging.
roar;a full, deep, prolonged cry uttered by a lion or other large wild animal.
other;used to refer to a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.
rate;a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
throe;intense or violent pain and struggle, especially accompanying birth, death, or great change.
ranter;someone who rants and raves.
bother;to cause annoyance in.
reran;to run again (past tense).
horn;a hard permanent outgrowth, often curved and pointed, found in pairs on the heads of certain animals.
tenor;a singing voice between baritone and alto, the highest of the ordinary adult male range.
broth;a thin soup of meat or fish or vegetable stock.
earthborn;of earthly origin.
hornet;large stinging paper wasp.
earth;the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface.
boar;a tusked wild pig from which domestic pigs are descended.
torn;past participle of tear.
retro;a fashion reminiscent of the past.
boater;a person who uses or travels in a boat for pleasure.
north;the direction in which a compass needle normally points.
thorn;a stiff, sharp-pointed woody projection on the stem or other part of a plant.
hero;a person who is admired for their courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.
tare;the weight of a vehicle without its cargo, passengers, etc.
barren;(of land) too poor to produce much or any vegetation.
rear;the back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
toner;an astringent liquid applied to the skin to reduce oiliness and improve its condition.
harbor;hold back a thought or feeling about (US spelling).
heron;grey or white wading bird with long neck and long legs and (usually) long bill.
throb;a deep pulsating type of pain.
bare;(of a person or part of the body) not clothed or covered.
errant;erring or straying from the accepted course or standards.
brother;a man or boy in relation to other sons and daughters of his parents.
hater;a person who greatly dislikes a specified person or thing.
rebar;reinforcing steel used as rods in concrete.
herb;any plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, or perfume.
heart;the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs.
taro;a tropical Asian plant of the arum family that has edible starchy corms and edible fleshy leaves.
barer;without addition, basic and simple (comparative adj).
breath;the air taken into or expelled from the lungs.
abort;the act of terminating a project or procedure before it is completed.
banter;light teasing repartee.
orate;talk pompously.
robe;outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions.
rehab;a course of treatment for drug or alcohol dependence, typically at a residential facility.
tore;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force (past tense).
hear;perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
rote;memorization by repetition.
arbor;a shady garden alcove with the sides and roof formed by trees or climbing plants trained over a framework (US spelling).
tern;small slender gull having narrow wings and a forked tail.
rota;a list or roster showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
tarn;a mountain lake or pool.
abhor;to find repugnant.
roan;denoting an animal, especially a horse or cow, having a coat of a main colour thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour.
abhorrent;inspiring disgust and loathing.
ornate;marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details.
rhea;a large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with greyish-brown plumage.
brat;a child, typically one that is badly behaved.
rare;(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
tern;any of numerous aquatic birds of a subfamily related to the gulls but usually having a more slender body.
