gentle;having or showing a kindly or tender nature.
gene;a unit of heredity which is transferred from a parent to offspring and is held to determine some characteristic of the offspring.
glance;a quick look.
grace;smoothness and elegance of movement.
relent;give in, as to influence or pressure.
cleaner;a person employed to clean the interior of a building.
clear;easy to perceive, understand, or interpret.
cater;provide people with food and drink at a social event or other gathering.
real;actually existing as a thing or occurring in fact - not imagined or supposed.
teen;relating to teenagers.
rent;a tenant's regular payment to a landlord for the use of property or land.
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
clean;free from dirt, marks, or stains.
lane;a narrow road, especially in a rural area.
reenact;act out (a past event).
tear;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
later;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time (comparative adj).
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts.
alert;quick to notice any unusual and potentially dangerous or difficult circumstances.
learn;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
glen;a narrow secluded valley (in the mountains).
lager;a general term for beer made with bottom fermenting yeast (usually by decoction mashing).
lace;a fine open fabric of cotton or silk, made by looping, twisting, or knitting thread in patterns and used especially for trimming garments.
glee;great delight, especially from one's own good fortune or another's misfortune.
angle;the space between two lines or planes that intersect.
cent;a monetary unit in various countries, equal to one hundredth of the currency unit.
elate;fill with high spirits.
genera;plural form of genus.
enact;make (a bill or other proposal) law.
clang;a loud resonant repeating noise.
angel;a spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God.
gent;a gentleman.
leer;look or gaze in a lascivious or unpleasant way.
central;in or near a center or constituting a center.
eager;having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.
lectern;desk or stand with a slanted top used to hold a text at the proper height for a lecturer.
clan;a close-knit group of interrelated families, especially in the Scottish Highlands.
enrage;put into a great anger.
eternal;continuing forever or indefinitely.
agree;to achieve harmony of opinion, feeling, or purpose.
careen;pitching dangerously to one side.
lance;a long weapon with a wooden shaft and a pointed steel head, formerly used by a horseman in charging.
rate;a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
near;at or to a short distance away.
lancer;a soldier of a cavalry regiment armed with lances.
gnarl;a rough, knotty protuberance, especially on a tree.
relace;lace again.
treacle;a pale cane syrup.
center;the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere (both spellings accepted).
tree;a woody perennial plant, typically having a single stem or trunk growing to a considerable height.
elegant;refined and tasteful in appearance or behavior or style.
cleat;a piece of wood, metal, or plastic, often wedge-shaped, fastened to something to strengthen it or give secure footing.
earl;a British nobleman ranking above a viscount and below a marquess.
race;a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
lacer;a workman who laces shoes or footballs or books (during binding).
grate;reduce (food) to small shreds (verb).
glare;stare in an angry or fierce way.
cereal;a grain used for food, for example wheat, maize, or rye.
rental;a rented house or car.
talc;fine powder with a pleasant smell which people put on their bodies after they have had a bath or a shower.
care;the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
antler;each of the branched horns on the head of an adult deer (typically a male one), which are made of bone and are grown and cast annually.
aglet;metal or plastic sheath over the end of a shoelace or ribbon.
renal;relating to the kidneys.
rectangle;a plane figure with four straight sides and four right angles, especially one with unequal adjacent sides, in contrast to a square.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
eaten;put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it (past participle).
create;to make, cause to be or to become.
leaner;(of a person or animal) thin, especially healthily so (comparative adj).
enlarge;make or become larger or more extensive.
recant;formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
tang;a strong taste, flavour, or smell.
creel;a wickerwork basket worn on the back or suspended from the shoulder, used especially by anglers for carrying fish.
gentler;having or showing a mild, kind, or tender temperament or character (comparative adj).
great;of an extent, amount, or intensity considerably above average.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
grant;agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
nectar;a sweet liquid secretion that is attractive to pollinators.
centre;the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere (both spellings accepted).
learnt;gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught (past participle).
greet;give a polite word of recognition or sign of welcome when meeting (someone).
eagle;a large bird of prey with a massive hooked bill and long broad wings.
negate;make ineffective - nullify.
trace;find or discover by investigation.
acne;a skin condition characterized by red pimples on the skin, especially on the face, due to inflamed or infected sebaceous glands and prevalent chiefly among adolescents.
crane;a large, tall machine used for moving heavy objects by suspending them from a projecting arm or beam.
alter;change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
relate;make or show a connection between.
rang;past tense of ring.
gale;a very strong wind.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
elect;choose (someone) to hold public office or some other position by voting.
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
erect;rigidly upright or straight.
general;applying to all or most members of a category or group.
neglect;willful lack of care and attention.
rant;speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
lean;be in or move into a sloping position.
leant;be in or move into a sloping position (past participle).
lent;past tense and past participle of lend.
crate;a slatted wooden case used for transporting goods.
genre;a style or category of art, music, or literature.
tangle;twist together or entwine into a confusing mass.
cage;an enclosure made or wire or metal bars in which birds or animals can be kept.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
gnat;a small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito.
regal;belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler.
leger;a record in which commercial accounts are recorded.
laten;to cause to grow late.
neater;arranged in a tidy way (comparative adj).
teal;a dark greenish-blue colour.
cartel;an association of manufacturers or suppliers with the purpose of maintaining prices at a high level and restricting competition.
acre;a unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare).
cane;the hollow jointed stem of a tall grass, especially bamboo or sugar.
cart;a strong open vehicle with two or four wheels, typically used for carrying loads and pulled by a horse.
angler;a person who fishes with a rod and line.
eater;someone who consumes food for nourishment.
large;above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.
green;of the color between blue and yellow in the color spectrum.
arete;a sharp narrow ridge found in rugged mountains.
regent;someone who rules during the absence or incapacity or minority of the country's monarch.
cere;a fleshy, membranous covering of the base of the upper mandible of a bird, especially a bird of prey or a parrot, through which the nostrils open.
enter;come or go into (a place).
tarn;a mountain lake or pool.
trance;a half-conscious state characterized by an absence of response to external stimuli.
tale;a fictitious or true narrative or story, especially one that is imaginatively recounted.
glace;(used especially of fruits) preserved by coating with or allowing to absorb sugar.
recent;having happened, begun, or been done not long ago.
rectal;relating to or affecting the rectum.
late;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time.
caret;a cursor on a screen that shows where text should be entered.
agent;a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
gate;a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge.
grantee;a recipient of a grant.
tare;the weight of a vehicle without its cargo, passengers, etc.
rale;a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in some types of respiratory disorders).
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
reel;winder consisting of a revolving spool with a handle.
react;respond in a particular way.
regale;entertain or amuse (someone) with talk.
nacre;also known as mother of pearl, a composite material produced by some molluscs as an inner shell layer.
lancet;a small, broad two-edged surgical knife or blade with a sharp point.
recta;the final section of the large intestine, terminating at the anus (plural).
garnet;a precious stone consisting of a deep red vitreous silicate mineral.
claret;a red wine from Bordeaux, or wine of a similar character made elsewhere.
enate;related on the mother's side.
cant;hypocritical and sanctimonious talk, typically of a moral, religious, or political nature.
crag;a steep or rugged cliff or rock face.
elan;a combination of style and energetic confidence, especially in performances or manner.
glean;gather, as of natural products.
egret;a heron with mainly white plumage, having long plumes in the breeding season.
canter;a pace of a horse or other quadruped between a trot and a gallop.
enlace;spin,wind, or twist together.
argent;the heraldic color silver or white.
clanger;a conspicuous mistake whose effects seem to reverberate.
enteral;of or relating to or inside the intestines.
retag;to tag (something) again.
