heal;cause (a wound, injury, or person) to become sound or healthy again.
helm;a tiller or wheel for steering a ship or boat.
mach;the ratio of the speed of a body to the speed of sound.
hole;a hollow place in a solid body or surface.
hone;sharpen (a blade).
ache;a continuous or prolonged dull pain in a part of one's body.
echelon;a level or rank in an organization, a profession, or society.
each;used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
hence;as a consequence - for this reason.
mocha;a type of fine-quality coffee.
heel;the back part of the human foot below the ankle.
home;the place where one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.
halon;any of a number of unreactive gaseous compounds of carbon with bromine and other halogens, used in fire extinguishers, but now known to damage the ozone layer.
macho;masculine in an overly assertive or aggressive way.
manhole;a small covered opening in a paved area allowing access beneath, especially one leading to a sewer.
halo;a circle of light shown around or above the head of a saint or holy person to represent their holiness.
chameleon;a small slow-moving lizard with a prehensile tail, long extensible tongue, protruding eyes that rotate independently, and a highly developed ability to change colour.
hale;(of an old person) strong and healthy.
leech;an aquatic or terrestrial annelid worm with suckers at both ends. Many species are bloodsucking parasites, especially of vertebrates, and others are predators.
ahem;used to represent the noise made when clearing the throat, typically to attract attention or express disapproval or embarrassment.
echo;a sound or sounds caused by the reflection of sound waves from a surface back to the listener.
leach;(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
nacho;a dish of tortilla chips topped with melted cheese and often also with other savoury toppings.
hame;either of the two rigid pieces along the sides of a horse's collar, to which the traces are attached.
