part;an amount or section which, when combined with others, makes up the whole of something.
adopter;a person who adopts a child of other parents as his or her own child.
ripe;(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
trip;an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall.
radio;a communication system based on broadcasting electromagnetic waves.
paired;two items put together (past tense).
tread;put down or press the foot, place the foot.
raid;a rapid surprise attack on an enemy by troops, aircraft, or other armed forces.
editor;a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication.
deport;expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
tear;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
rated;assign a standard or value to (something) according to a particular scale (past tense).
pirated;use or reproduce (another's work) for profit without permission, usually in contravention of patent or copyright.
rate;a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
tired;in need of sleep or rest.
tripe;the first or second stomach of a cow or other ruminant used as food.
rite;a religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
trio;a set or group of three people or things.
roti;Indian flat round bread cooked on a griddle.
rapid;characterised by speed.
pried;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs.
pore;a minute opening in a surface, especially the skin.
raped;forced sex by violence or threats of violence (past tense).
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
tirade;a speech of violent denunciation.
read;look at and comprehend the meaning of written text by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
orate;talk pompously.
prize;something given as a token of victory.
redo;do (something) again or differently.
pirate;someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a commission from any sovereign nation.
drip;be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
doer;the person who does something.
orated;talk pompously (past tense).
prod;poke with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
tarp;waterproofed canvas.
dart;a small pointed missile that can be thrown or fired.
depart;move away from a place into another direction.
trade;exchange or give (something) in exchange for.
rode;past of ride.
dare;have the courage to do something.
tripod;a three-legged stand for supporting a camera or other apparatus.
riot;a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
taper;diminish gradually.
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
tiro;a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
tried;tested and proved to be reliable.
dirt;a substance, such as mud or dust, that soils someone or something.
repot;put in a new, usually larger, pot.
rope;a length of thick strong cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, sisal, nylon, or similar material.
irate;feeling or showing extreme anger.
reap;cut or gather (a crop or harvest).
rapt;feeling great rapture or delight.
opera;a dramatic work in one or more acts, set to music for singers and instrumentalists.
raze;tear down so as to make flat with the ground.
pair;two items put together.
redip;to dip again.
zero;indicating the absence of any or all units under consideration.
rota;a list or roster showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
diaper;a piece of towelling or other absorbent material wrapped round a baby's bottom and between its legs.
pored;be absorbed in reading or studying (something) (past tense).
period;an amount of time.
adore;love and respect (someone) deeply.
razed;completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement) (past tense).
trope;language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense.
rioted;take part in a violent public disturbance (past tense).
drape;hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window).
adroit;quick or skillful or adept in action or thought.
pared;trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges (past tense).
ported;carry or convey (past tense).
apter;appropriate or suitable in the circumstances (comparative adj).
rape;forced sex by violence or threats of violence.
arid;(of land or a climate) having little or no rain.
tire;feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
parted;having a margin incised almost to the base so as to create distinct divisions or lobes.
torpid;mentally or physically inactive.
aper;someone who copies the words or behavior of another.
triad;a group or set of three related people or things.
pride;a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements.
oared;rowed.
trap;a device or enclosure designed to catch and retain animals.
dear;regarded with deep affection.
road;a wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
tore;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force (past tense).
aired;express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
ratio;the quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or is contained within the other.
rote;memorisation by repetition.
pare;trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
drop;let or make (something) fall vertically.
repaid;past and past participle of repay.
prated;talk foolishly or at tedious length about something (past tense).
trod;past and past participle of tread.
partied;enjoy oneself at a party or other lively gathering (past tense).
pear;a sweet yellowish- or brownish-green edible fruit that is typically narrow at the stalk and wider towards the base.
roped;catch, fasten, or secure with rope (past tense).
pier;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
pert;(of a young woman) attractively lively or cheeky.
trapezoid;a quadrilateral with no sides parallel.
prate;speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly.
dopier;stupefied by sleep or a drug (comparative adj).
petard;a small bomb made of a metal or wooden box filled with powder, used to blast down a door or to make a hole in a wall.
taro;a tropical Asian plant of the arum family that has edible starchy corms and edible fleshy leaves.
trepid;timid by nature or revealing timidity.
tier;each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other.
protea;a tropical African shrub having alternate rigid leaves and dense colorful flower heads resembling cones.
tare;the weight of a vehicle without its cargo, passengers, etc.
port;sweet dark-red dessert wine originally from Portugal.
prized;highly valued.
