dope;a drug taken illegally.
sued;institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
ends;a final part of something, especially a period of time, an activity, or a story (plural).
demo;a demonstration of a product or technique.
mope;feel dejected and apathetic.
pose;present or constitute (a problem or danger).
open;allowing access, passage, or a view through an empty space.
dupe;deceive - trick.
opens;move (a door or window) so as to leave a space allowing access and vision (third person).
money;a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes.
poem;a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery.
mousey;of or like a mouse.
mopes;feel dejected and apathetic (third person).
menu;a list of dishes available in a restaurant.
undoes;unfasten, untie, or loosen (something) (third person).
mused;be absorbed in thought.
demos;a demonstration of a product or technique (plural).
dose;a quantity of a medicine or drug taken or recommended to be taken at a particular time.
omen;an event regarded as a portent of good or evil.
peso;a unit of money common in South America.
dunes;a mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert (plural).
deny;state that one refuses to admit the truth or existence of.
does;third person singular present of do.
mouse;a small rodent that typically has a pointed snout, relatively large ears and eyes, and a long tail.
dues;one's right - what is owed to one.
node;a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
mopeds;a light motor cycle, especially one with an engine capacity of not more than 50 cc (plural).
nudes;a naked human figure, typically as the subject of a painting, sculpture, or photograph (plural).
upend;set or turn (something) on its end or upside down.
nosed;having a nose or projecting part of a specified kind.
dune;a mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert.
emus;a large flightless fast-running Australian bird resembling the ostrich (plural).
yens;feel a longing or yearning (third person).
nosey;showing too much curiosity about other people's affairs (both possible spellings accepted).
upends;set or turn (something) on its end or upside down (third person).
eons;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural).
mode;a way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.
dupes;deceive, trick (third person).
demons;an evil spirit or devil, especially one thought to possess a person or act as a tormentor in hell (plural).
dome;a rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.
dopey;stupefied by sleep or a drug.
noes;a negative answer or decision, as in voting (plural).
spume;froth or foam, especially that found on waves.
omens;an event regarded as a portent of good or evil (plural).
done;past participle of do.
nodes;a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch (plural).
mosey;walk or move in a leisurely manner.
used;showing wear or being worn out.
doyen;the most respected or prominent person in a particular field.
pone;corn bread in the form of small, oval loaves.
menus;a list of dishes available in a restaurant (plural).
ones;the lowest cardinal number (plural).
spumed;form or produce a mass of froth or foam.
espy;catch sight of.
nope;informal variant of no.
mends;repair (something that is broken or damaged) (third person).
dyes;a natural or synthetic substance used to add a colour to or change the colour of something (plural).
some;an unspecified amount or number of.
send;cause to go or be taken to a particular destination.
domes;a rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base (plural).
pseudonym;a fictitious name, especially one used by an author.
muse;to reflect about or ponder on something, usually in silence
nose;the part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person or animal, containing the nostrils and used for breathing and smelling.
mend;repair (something that is broken or damaged).
dens;a wild mammal's hidden home (plural).
pens;an instrument for writing or drawing with ink (plural).
modes;a way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done (plural).
sped;past and past participle of speed.
dopes;taking illegal drugs (third person).
nude;wearing no clothes.
demon;an evil spirit or devil, especially one thought to possess a person or act as a tormentor in hell.
odes;a lyric poem in the form of an address to a particular subject, often elevated in style or manner and written in varied or irregular meter (plural).
moped;a light motor cycle, especially one with an engine capacity of not more than 50 cc.
pseudo;not genuine. Spurious or sham.
doyens;the most respected or prominent person in a particular field (plural).
spend;give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
poems;a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery (plural).
douse;pour a liquid over.
posed;present or constitute (a problem or danger) (third person).
moused;(of a cat or owl) hunt for or catch mice.
spue;eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth.
unposed;not arranged for pictorial purposes.
eponym;the person for whom something is named.
