cache;a collection of items of the same type stored in a hidden or inaccessible place.
hate;feel intense dislike for.
hail;small balls of ice that fall like rain from the sky.
lice;small insects that can invest the heads of people (plural).
heal;cause (a wound, injury, or person) to become sound or healthy again.
chat;talk in a friendly and informal way.
hint;a slight or indirect indication or suggestion.
thin;with opposite surfaces or sides that are close or relatively close together.
clinch;confirm or settle (a contract or bargain).
cent;a monetary unit in various countries, equal to one hundredth of the currency unit.
lean;be in or move into a sloping position.
cacti;a succulent plant with a thick fleshy stem which typically bears spines, lacks leaves, and has brilliantly coloured flowers (plural).
lent;past tense and past participle of lend.
lint;short, fine fibres which separate from the surface of cloth or yarn during processing.
cancel;decide or announce that (a planned event) will not take place.
cheat;act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage.
accent;a distinctive way of pronouncing a language, especially one associated with a particular country, area, or social class.
acne;a skin condition characterized by red pimples on the skin, especially on the face, due to inflamed or infected sebaceous glands and prevalent chiefly among adolescents.
chalet;a wooden house with overhanging eaves, typically found in the Swiss Alps.
ache;a continuous or prolonged dull pain in a part of one's body.
leant;be in or move into a sloping position (past participle).
etch;engrave metal, glass, or stone.
catch;intercept and hold something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped.
chain;a series of linked metal rings used for fastening or securing something.
tail;the hindmost part of an animal, especially when prolonged beyond the rest of the body.
teal;a dark greenish-blue colour.
cane;the hollow jointed stem of a tall grass, especially bamboo or sugar.
chance;a possibility of something happening.
then;at the time in question.
hilt;the handle of a weapon or tool, especially a sword, dagger, or knife.
clench;(with reference to the fingers or hand) close into a tight ball, especially as a manifestation of extreme anger.
enact;make (a bill or other proposal) law.
ethic;an idea or moral belief that influences the behaviour, attitudes, and philosophy of a group of people.
lien;a right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
lactic;relating to or obtained from milk.
leach;(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
tile;a thin rectangular slab of baked clay or other material, used in overlapping rows for covering roofs.
lace;a fine open fabric of cotton or silk, made by looping, twisting, or knitting thread in patterns and used especially for trimming garments.
late;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time.
lain;place in a horizontal position (past participle).
cliche;a phrase or opinion that is overused and betrays a lack of original thought.
clan;a close-knit group of interrelated families, especially in the Scottish Highlands.
calcine;to heat (a substance) so that it is oxidized, reduced, or loses water.
hectic;full of incessant or frantic activity.
line;a long, narrow mark or band.
chin;the protruding part of the face below the mouth, formed by the apex of the lower jaw.
each;used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
lath;any of the thin, narrow strips of wood used in lattices or nailed to two-by-fours, rafters, etc. as a foundation for plaster.
than;introducing the second element in a comparison.
canticle;a song, poem, or hymn, esp one that is religious in character.
aline;(of a garment) slightly flared from a narrow waist or shoulders.
china;a fine white or translucent vitrified ceramic material.
lancet;a small, broad two-edged surgical knife or blade with a sharp point.
itch;an uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch.
celiac;relating to the abdomen (US spelling).
teach;impart knowledge to or instruct (someone) as to how to do something.
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
chic;elegantly and stylishly fashionable.
nice;pleasant or attractive.
lance;a long weapon with a wooden shaft and a pointed steel head, formerly used by a horseman in charging.
cleat;a piece of wood, metal, or plastic, often wedge-shaped, fastened to something to strengthen it or give secure footing.
laten;to cause to grow late.
chicle;a gumlike substance made from the milky juice of the sapodilla tree and used in making chewing gum.
cinch;an extremely easy task.
entail;involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
antic;grotesque or bizarre.
clean;free from dirt, marks, or stains.
chant;a repeated rhythmic phrase, typically one shouted or sung in unison by a crowd.
calcite;a white or colourless mineral consisting of calcium carbonate.
tale;a fictitious or true narrative or story, especially one that is imaginatively recounted.
alien;any being or thing foreign to the environment in which it now exists.
ethical;relating to moral principles or the branch of knowledge dealing with these.
chit;a short official note, typically recording a sum owed.
lane;a narrow road, especially in a rural area.
tine;a prong or sharp point, such as that on a fork or antler.
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
cachet;the state of being respected or admired.
talc;fine powder with a pleasant smell which people put on their bodies after they have had a bath or a shower.
halt;bring or come to an abrupt stop.
catchline;an advertising slogan.
inlet;a small arm of the sea, a lake, or a river.
inhale;breathe in (air, gas, smoke, etc.).
client;a person or organization using the services of a professional person or company.
chalice;a large cup or goblet.
ethnical;denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people.
thane;a man ranking above an ordinary freeman and below a noble in Anglo-Saxon England (especially one who gave military service in exchange for land).
anti;opposed to - against.
lite;denoting a low-fat or low-sugar version of a manufactured food or drink product.
heat;to make warm or hot.
hale;(of an old person) strong and healthy.
nail;a small metal spike with a broadened flat head, driven into wood to join things together or to serve as a hook.
cite;refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
inch;a unit of linear measure equal to one twelfth of a foot (2.54 cm).
ethnic;relating to a population subgroup (within a larger or dominant national or cultural group) with a common national or cultural tradition.
technical;relating to a particular subject, art, or craft, or its techniques.
lichen;a simple slow-growing plant that typically forms a low crusty, leaflike, or branching growth on rocks, walls, and trees.
latch;a metal bar with a catch and lever used for fastening a door or gate.
niche;relating to or aimed at a small specialized group or market.
enatic;related on your mother's side.
acetic;of or like vinegar.
lathe;a machine for shaping wood, metal, or other material by means of a rotating drive which turns the piece being worked on against changeable cutting tools.
chancel;the part of a church near the altar, reserved for the clergy and choir, and typically separated from the nave by steps or a screen.
lithe;(especially of a person's body) thin, supple, and graceful.
elan;a combination of style and energetic confidence, especially in performances or manner.
cant;hypocritical and sanctimonious talk, typically of a moral, religious, or political nature.
