duel;a prearranged contest with deadly weapons between two people in order to settle a point of honour.
gelid;icy - extremely cold.
ailed;trouble or afflict (someone) in mind or body.
glade;an open space in a wood or forest.
afield;in the field (in reference to hunting).
idea;a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
furled;roll or fold up (something) neatly and securely.
gild;cover thinly with gold.
fudge;a soft crumbly or chewy sweet made from sugar, butter, and milk or cream.
fluid;a substance that has no fixed shape and yields easily to external pressure.
rude;offensively impolite or bad-mannered.
dial;a face of a clock or watch that is marked to show units of time.
guard;watch over in order to protect or control.
lifeguard;an expert swimmer employed to rescue bathers who get into difficulty at a beach or swimming pool.
lied;present a false impression of something.
idler;a person who avoids work or spends time in an aimless or lazy way.
ridge;a long, narrow hilltop, mountain range, or watershed.
dale;a valley, especially in northern England.
filed;place (a document) in a cabinet, box, or folder in a particular order.
aged;having lived for a specified length of time.
idle;(of a person) avoiding work.
lured;tempt (a person or animal) to do something or to go somewhere, especially by offering some form of reward.
aide;an assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.
read;look at and comprehend the meaning of written text by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
ruled;exercise ultimate power or authority over (an area and its people).
dirge;a lament for the dead, especially one forming part of a funeral rite.
argued;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
aired;express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
fried;past and past participle of fry.
urged;try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
deaf;lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
deal;distribute (cards) in an orderly rotation to players for a game or round.
arid;(of land or a climate) having little or no rain.
relaid;lay again or differently.
fade;gradually grow faint and disappear.
laud;praise (a person or their achievements) highly.
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
drug;a medicine or other substance which has a physiological effect when ingested or otherwise introduced into the body.
ideal;satisfying one's conception of what is perfect.
flied;move or be hurled quickly through the air.
raged;feel or express violent uncontrollable anger.
feud;a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
field;an area of open land, especially one planted with crops or pasture.
fared;perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.
glad;feeling pleasure or happiness.
feudal;absurdly outdated or old-fashioned.
rued;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone.
flared;burn or shine with a sudden intensity.
grade;a particular level of rank, quality, proficiency, or value.
lead;cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
gird;encircle (a person or part of the body) with a belt or band.
glared;stare in an angry or fierce way.
lard;fat from the abdomen of a pig that is rendered and clarified for use in cooking.
drag;pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
girdle;a belt or cord worn round the waist.
glider;a light aircraft that is designed to fly without using an engine.
riled;make (someone) annoyed or irritated (past tense).
failed;(of an undertaking or a relationship) not achieving its end or not lasting.
railed;provide or enclose (a space or place) with a rail or rails.
guild;a medieval association of craftsmen or merchants, often having considerable power.
fraud;wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain.
adieu;goodbye.
geld;castrate (a male animal).
laid;past and past participle of lay.
raid;a rapid surprise attack on an enemy by troops, aircraft, or other armed forces.
fired;discharge a gun or other weapon in order to propel (a bullet or projectile).
dear;regarded with deep affection.
dare;have the courage to do something.
gaudier;extravagantly bright or showy, typically so as to be tasteless.
glide;move with a smooth, quiet continuous motion.
fridge;a refrigerator.
fled;past and past participle of flee.
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
lade;put cargo on board (a ship).
glued;fasten or join.
guide;a person who shows the way to others, especially one employed to show tourists around places of interest.
figured;have a significant part or role in a situation or process.
rifled;make spiral grooves in (a gun or its barrel or bore) to make a bullet spin and thereby have greater accuracy over a long distance.
derail;cause (a train or tram) to leave its tracks accidentally.
alder;a widely distributed tree of the birch family which has toothed leaves and bears male catkins and woody female cones.
lurid;unpleasantly bright in colour, especially so as to create a harsh or unnatural effect.
grid;a framework of spaced bars that are parallel to or cross each other.
dual;consisting of two parts, elements, or aspects.
