hack;cut with rough or heavy blows.
beach;a pebbly or sandy shore, especially by the sea between high- and low-water marks.
near;at or to a short distance away.
khan;a title given to rulers and officials in central Asia, Afghanistan, and certain other Muslim countries.
harm;physical injury, especially that which is deliberately inflicted.
creak;(of an object, typically a wooden one) make a scraping or squeaking sound when being moved or when pressure is applied.
hare;a fast-running, long-eared mammal that resembles a large rabbit, having very long hind legs and typically found in grassland or open woodland.
ahem;used to represent the noise made when clearing the throat, typically to attract attention or express disapproval or embarrassment.
ream;500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper.
hark;listen.
ache;a continuous or prolonged dull pain in a part of one's body.
bake;cook (food) by dry heat without direct exposure to a flame, typically in an oven.
bare;(of a person or part of the body) not clothed or covered.
hank;a coil or skein of wool, hair, or other material.
march;walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
race;a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
crab;a crustacean, found chiefly on seashores, with a broad carapace, stalked eyes, and five pairs of legs, the first pair of which are modified as pincers.
camber;the slightly convex or arched shape of a road or other horizontal surface.
nark;a police informer.
char;partially burn so as to blacken the surface.
barn;a large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
ranch;a large farm, especially in North America or Australia, where cattle or other animals are bred.
arch;a curved symmetrical structure spanning an opening and typically supporting the weight of a bridge, roof, or wall above it.
bream;a greenish-bronze deep-bodied freshwater fish native to Europe. - OR - Clear (a ship or its bottom) of weeds, shells, or other accumulated matter by burning and scraping it.
mane;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal.
embark;go on board a ship or aircraft.
acne;a skin condition characterized by red pimples on the skin, especially on the face, due to inflamed or infected sebaceous glands and prevalent chiefly among adolescents.
came;past tense of come.
bark;the sharp explosive cry of a dog, fox, or seal.
hear;perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
bear;manage to tolerate (a situation or experience).
nacre;also known as mother of pearl, a composite material produced by some molluscs as an inner shell layer.
bank;the land alongside or sloping down to a river or lake.
bane;a cause of great distress or annoyance.
bran;pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
acme;the point at which something is at its best or most highly developed.
bracken;a tall fern with coarse lobed fronds, which occurs worldwide and can cover large areas.
cram;completely fill (a place or container) to the point of overflowing.
make;form (something) by putting parts together or combining substances.
break;separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
maker;a person or thing that makes or produces something.
backer;a person, institution, or country that supports someone or something, especially financially.
crank;turn the crankshaft of (an internal combustion engine) in order to start the engine.
care;the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
cream;the thick white or pale yellow fatty liquid which rises to the top when milk is left to stand and which can be eaten as an accompaniment to desserts or used as a cooking ingredient.
amen;uttered at the end of a prayer or hymn, meaning ‘so be it’.
benchmark;a standard or point of reference against which things may be compared.
breach;an act of breaking or failing to observe a law, agreement, or code of conduct.
name;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
mare;the female of a horse or other equine animal.
mace;a staff of office, especially that which lies on the table in the House of Commons when the Speaker is in the chair, regarded as a symbol of the authority of the House.
each;used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
rank;a position in the hierarchy of the armed forces.
beam;a long, sturdy piece of squared timber or metal used to support the roof or floor of a building.
brace;a device fitted to something, in particular a weak or injured part of the body, to give support.
hake;a large-headed elongated fish with long jaws and strong teeth. It is a valuable commercial food fish.
bean;an edible seed, typically kidney-shaped, growing in long pods on certain leguminous plants.
hanker;feel a strong desire for or to do something.
rack;a framework, typically with rails, bars, hooks, or pegs, for holding or storing things.
acre;a unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare).
rhea;a large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with greyish-brown plumage.
mark;a small area on a surface having a different colour from its surroundings, typically one caused by damage or dirt.
baker;a person whose trade is making and selling bread and cakes.
chamber;a large room used for formal or public events.
rehab;a course of treatment for drug or alcohol dependence, typically at a residential facility.
harem;(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants.
mean;intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing).
amber;hard translucent fossilized resin originating from extinct coniferous trees of the Tertiary period, typically yellowish in colour. It has been used in jewellery since antiquity.
canker;a destructive fungal disease of apple and other trees that results in damage to the bark.
banker;a person who manages or owns a bank or group of banks.
charm;the power or quality of delighting, attracting, or fascinating others.
cake;an item of soft sweet food made from a mixture of flour, oil, eggs, sugar, and other ingredients, baked and sometimes iced or decorated.
branch;a part of a tree which grows out from the trunk or from a bough.
reach;stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
beak;a bird's horny projecting jaws - a bill.
hacker;a person who uses computers to gain unauthorized access to data.
ankh;an object or design resembling a cross but having a loop instead of the top arm, used in ancient Egypt as a symbol of life.
rake;an implement consisting of a pole with a toothed crossbar or fine tines at the end, used especially for drawing together cut grass or smoothing loose soil or gravel.
crane;a large, tall machine used for moving heavy objects by suspending them from a projecting arm or beam.
brake;a device for slowing or stopping a moving vehicle, typically by applying pressure to the wheels.
back;the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips.
cane;the hollow jointed stem of a tall grass, especially bamboo or sugar.
caber;a young tree trunk used for tossing as a trial of strength in a Scottish sport.
mach;the ratio of the speed of a body to the speed of sound.
embank;construct a wall or bank of earth or stone in order to contain the course or flow of (a river).
ramen;quick-cooking noodles, typically served in a broth with meat and vegetables.
hame;either of the two rigid pieces along the sides of a horse's collar, to which the traces are attached.
