dean;the head of a university faculty or department or of a medical school.
enact;make (a bill or other proposal) law.
audio;sound, especially when recorded, transmitted, or reproduced.
detain;keep (someone) from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
ducat;a gold coin formerly current in most European countries.
aconite;a poisonous plant of the buttercup family, bearing hooded pink or purple flowers and found in temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.
cautioned;say something as a warning.
octane;a colourless flammable hydrocarbon of the alkane series, present in petroleum spirit.
action;the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
canto;one of the sections into which certain long poems are divided.
caned;beat with a stick as a punishment.
atoned;make amends or reparation (past tense).
cant;hypocritical and sanctimonious talk, typically of a moral, religious, or political nature.
decant;gradually pour (wine, port, or another liquid) from one container into another, typically in order to separate out sediment.
canoe;a light, narrow boat with pointed ends and no keel, propelled with a paddle or paddles.
cation;a positively charged ion, i.e. one that would be attracted to the cathode in electrolysis.
actioned;take action on, deal with.
coated;provide with a layer or covering of something (past tense).
auction;a public sale in which goods or property are sold to the highest bidder.
donate;give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.
daunt;make (someone) feel intimidated or apprehensive.
canted;talk hypocritically and sanctimoniously about something (past tense).
aide;an assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.
toucan;a tropical American fruit-eating bird with a massive bill and typically brightly coloured plumage.
adit;a nearly horizontal passage from the surface in a mine.
canoed;travel in or paddle a canoe (past tense).
anti;opposed to - against.
anted;put up an amount as an ante in poker or brag and similar games.
acid;a substance with particular chemical properties including turning litmus red, neutralizing alkalis, and dissolving some metals.
cadet;a young trainee in the armed services or police force.
taco;a Mexican dish consisting of a folded or rolled tortilla filled with various mixtures, such as seasoned mince, chicken, or beans.
iota;an extremely small amount.
idea;a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
date;the day of the month or year as specified by a number.
dicta;plural form of dictum.
education;the process of receiving or giving systematic instruction, especially at a school or university.
acute;(of an unpleasant or unwelcome situation or phenomenon) present or experienced to a severe or intense degree.
auctioned;sell or offer for sale at an auction.
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
caution;care taken to avoid danger or mistakes.
atone;make amends or reparation.
audit;an official inspection of an organization's accounts, typically by an independent body.
adieu;goodbye.
auto;a car.
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
aeon;an indefinite and very long period of time.
cane;the hollow jointed stem of a tall grass, especially bamboo or sugar, or the stem of a slender palm such as rattan.
coat;an outer garment with sleeves, worn outdoors and typically extending below the hips.
aunt;the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.
acted;take action - do something (past tense).
aced;(in tennis and similar games) serve an ace against (an opponent) (past tense).
antic;grotesque or bizarre.
acne;a skin condition characterized by red pimples on the skin, especially on the face, due to inflamed or infected sebaceous glands and prevalent chiefly among adolescents.
deacon;(in Catholic, Anglican, and Orthodox Churches) an ordained minister of an order ranking below that of priest.
coda;the concluding passage of a piece or movement, typically forming an addition to the basic structure.
toad;a tailless amphibian with a short stout body and short legs, typically having dry warty skin that can exude poison.
anode;the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave an electrical device.
tuna;a large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish.
dance;move rhythmically to music, typically following a set sequence of steps.
ocean;a very large expanse of sea, in particular each of the main areas into which the sea is divided geographically.
uncoated;not covered with a coating of a particular substance.
oaten;made of oats or oat straw.
cadent;having cadence or rhythm.
decan;of or relating to a dean or deanery.
enatic;related on your mother's side.
auntie;a familiar or diminutive word for aunt.
outdance;to surpass in dancing, especially competitively.
octad;a group or series of eight.
