lair;a place where a wild animal lives.
thirst;a feeling of needing or wanting to drink something.
trial;a formal examination of evidence by a judge in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings.
lairs;a place where a wild animal lives (plural).
alright;of a satisfactory or acceptable quality.
astir;in a state of excited movement.
tarts;an open pastry case containing a sweet or savoury filling (plural).
trials;a formal examination of evidence by a judge in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings (plural).
stir;move a spoon round and round in a liquid.
tars;cover something with tar.
stair;a set of steps leading from one floor to another (singular).
artist;a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
trash;waste material.
grit;small loose particles of stone or sand.
starlit;lit or made brighter by stars.
girls;a female child (plural).
hart;an adult male deer.
harts;an adult male deer (plural).
rash;acting or done without careful consideration of the possible consequences.
star;a fixed luminous point in the night sky which is a large, remote incandescent body like the sun.
rats;a rodent that resembles a large mouse (plural).
garish;obtrusively bright and showy.
trail;a mark or a series of signs or objects left behind by the passage of someone or something.
liar;a person who tells lies.
girl;a female child.
grist;corn that is ground to make flour.
aright;correctly and properly.
straight;without a curve or bend.
grits;a dish of coarsely ground maize kernels boiled with water or milk.
tart;an open pastry case containing a sweet or savoury filling.
right;morally good, justified, or acceptable.
hair;any of the fine thread-like strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
rags;a piece of old cloth (plural).
liars;a person who tells lies (plural).
trait;a distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person.
start;embark on a continuing action or a new venture.
sitar;a large, long-necked Indian lute with movable frets, played with a wire pick.
sari;a garment consisting of a length of cotton or silk elaborately draped around the body, traditionally worn by women from South Asia.
strait;a narrow passage of water connecting two seas or two other large areas of water.
starlight;the light that comes from the stars.
girth;the measurement around the middle of something, especially a person's waist.
hairs;any of the fine thread-like strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals (plural).
rail;a bar or series of bars fixed on upright supports or attached to a wall or ceiling.
traits;a distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person (plural).
grail;a cup or chalice that in medieval legend was associated with unusual powers.
trails;a mark or a series of signs or objects left behind by the passage of someone or something (plural).
shirt;a garment for the upper body.
gratis;without charge - free.
girths;the measurement around the middle of something, especially a person's waist (plural).
tsar;one having great power or authority.
arts;the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture (plural).
rails;a bar or series of bars fixed on upright supports or attached to a wall or ceiling (plural).
rigs;provide (a sailing boat) with sails and rigging.
airs;the invisible gaseous substance surrounding the earth, a mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen (plural).
girts;secure (a garment or sword) on the body with a belt or band (third person).
girt;secure (a garment or sword) on the body with a belt or band (past participle).
rights;that which is morally correct, just, or honourable (plural).
rial;a basic monetary unit of some Middle Eastern countries.
rials;a basic monetary unit of some Middle Eastern countries (plural).
athirst;having a strong eager desire.
