piles;a heap of things laid or lying one on top of another (plural).
pies;a baked dish of fruit, or meat and vegetables, typically with a top and base of pastry (plural).
limes;a rounded citrus fruit similar to a lemon but greener, smaller, and with a distinctive acid flavour (plural).
smile;form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
slime;an unpleasantly thick and slippery liquid substance.
limps;walk with difficulty, typically because of a damaged or stiff leg or foot (third person).
mules;the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse (plural).
muesli;a mixture of oats and other cereals, dried fruit, and nuts, eaten at breakfast.
evils ; profound immorality, wickedness, and depravity, especially when regarded as a supernatural force (plural).
slum;a squalid and overcrowded urban street or district inhabited by very poor people.
isle;an island or peninsula, especially a small one.
spiel;an elaborate or glib speech or story, typically one used by a salesperson.
plums;a small, sweet stone fruit with a smooth red or yellow skin (plural).
slue;turn or slide violently or uncontrollably.
lumps;a compact mass of a substance, especially one without a definite or regular shape (plural).
milieus;a person's social environment (plural).
emus;a large flightless fast-running Australian bird resembling the ostrich (plural).
slump;sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply.
implies;indicate the truth or existence of something by suggestion rather than explicit reference (third person).
plus;with the addition of.
sump;a pit or hollow in which liquid collects, especially one in the floor of a mine or cave.
plumes;a long, soft feather or arrangement of feathers used by a bird for display or worn by a person for ornament.
ivies;a woody evergreen Eurasian climbing plant, typically having shiny, dark green five-pointed leaves (plural).
muse;to reflect about or ponder on something, usually in silence
imps;a small, mischievous devil or sprite (plural).
leis;a wreath of flowers and leaves, generally worn about the neck (plural).
elms;a tall deciduous tree that typically has rough serrated leaves and propagates from root suckers (plural).
lisp;a speech defect which affects the pronunciation of s.
spume;froth or foam, especially that found on waves.
simple;easily understood or done, presenting no difficulty.
slim;(of a person or their build) thin or slender.
pulse;a rhythmical throbbing of the arteries as blood is propelled through them, typically as felt in the wrists or neck.
impulse;a sudden strong and unreflective urge or desire to act.
pelvis;the large bony frame near the base of the spine to which the hindlimbs or legs are attached in humans and many other vertebrates.
lives ; plural form of life.
impulsive;acting or done without forethought.
slip;lose one's footing and slide unintentionally for a short distance.
impels;drive, force, or urge someone to do something (third person).
miles;a unit of linear measure in the Imperial system equal to 1,760 yards (plural).
simile;a figure of speech involving the comparison of one thing with another thing.
veils ; a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face (plural).
lies;be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface (third person).
mils;a unit of length, equal to one thousandth of an inch, used in measuring the diameter of wire, the thickness of coatings or films, etc (plural).
lips;the two fleshy parts which form the upper and lower edges of the opening of the mouth.
vise ; a metal tool with movable jaws that are used to hold an object firmly in place while work is done on it, typically attached to a workbench.
plies;to carry on, pursue, or work at a job or trade. Also to manipulate or wield a tool (third person).
vies ; compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
