ruse;an action intended to deceive someone - a trick.
urine;a watery, typically yellowish fluid stored in the bladder and discharged through the urethra.
genius;exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural ability.
rung;a horizontal support on a ladder for a person's foot.
stun;knock unconscious or into a semi-conscious state.
truing;bring (an object, wheel, or other construction) into the exact shape or position required (both possible spellings accepted).
guitar;a stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six or twelve strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum.
tuns;a large beer or wine cask.
guinea;a former British coin minted from gold imported from West Africa, with a value that was later fixed at 21 shillings.
gaunter;(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age (comparative adj).
user;a person who uses or operates something.
uteri;the organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth (plural).
untie;undo or unfasten (something that is tied or tied up).
urinate;discharge urine - pass water.
units;an individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole (plural).
suit;a set of outer clothes made of the same fabric and designed to be worn together, typically consisting of a jacket and trousers or a jacket and skirt.
ursine;of or relating to a bear or the bear family.
turn;move or cause to move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis or point.
rust;a reddish- or yellowish-brown flaking coating of iron oxide that is formed on iron or steel by oxidation, especially in the presence of moisture.
nature;the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.
surge;a sudden powerful forward or upward movement, especially by a crowd or by a natural force such as the tide.
untag;remove a tag identifying a person from (digital content, typically a photograph) on a social networking site.
urges;try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something (third person).
ruins;the physical destruction or disintegration of something or the state of disintegrating or being destroyed.
gurn;pull a grotesque face.
grunts;(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound (plural).
nurse;a person trained to care for the sick or infirm, especially in a hospital.
guest;a person who is invited to visit someone's home or attend a particular social occasion.
saute;fried quickly in a little hot fat.
insure;arrange for compensation in the event of damage to or loss of (property), or injury to or the death of (someone), in exchange for regular payments to a company or to the state.
airgun;a gun which fires pellets using compressed air.
runes;a letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet (plural).
trug;a shallow oblong basket made of strips of wood, traditionally used for carrying garden flowers and produce.
gutsier;having or showing courage, determination, and spirit (comparative adj).
genus;a principal taxonomic category that ranks above species and below family, and is denoted by a capitalized Latin name, e.g. Leo.
tunas;a large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish (plural).
snug;comfortable, warm, and cosy - well protected from the weather or cold.
suing;institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
runt;a small pig or other animal, especially the smallest in a litter.
unset;(of a jewel) not yet placed in a setting - unmounted.
urge;try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
tuner;a person who tunes musical instruments, especially pianos.
suet;the hard white fat on the kidneys and loins of cattle, sheep, and other animals, used to make foods such as puddings, pastry, and mincemeat.
aunt;the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.
airguns;a gun which fires pellets using compressed air (plural).
unrest;a state of dissatisfaction, disturbance, and agitation, typically involving public demonstrations or disorder.
true;in accordance with fact or reality.
guitars;a stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six or twelve strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum (plural).
rune;a letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet.
untags;remove a tag identifying a person from (digital content, typically a photograph) on a social networking site (third person).
trueing;bring (an object, wheel, or other construction) into the exact shape or position required (both possible spellings accepted).
suite;a set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.
nutria;the skin or fur of the coypu.
using;take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing or achieving something.
guineas;a former British coin minted from gold imported from West Africa, with a value that was later fixed at 21 shillings (plural).
unties;undo or unfasten (something that is tied or tied up) (third person).
urns;a tall, rounded vase with a stem and base, especially one used for storing the ashes of a cremated person (plural).
ruing;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone.
rungs;a horizontal support on a ladder for a person's foot (plural).
rugs;a floor covering of thick woven material or animal skin, typically not extending over the entire floor.
guise;an external form, appearance, or manner of presentation, typically concealing the true nature of something.
reusing;use again or more than once.
trues;bring (an object, wheel, or other construction) into the exact shape or position required (third person).
ague;malaria or another illness involving fever and shivering.
stung;past and past participle of sting.
turns;move or cause to move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis or point (third person).
sung;past participle of sing.
guns;a weapon incorporating a metal tube from which bullets, shells, or other missiles are propelled by explosive force, typically making a characteristic loud, sharp noise (plural).
trugs;a shallow oblong basket made of strips of wood, traditionally used for carrying garden flowers and produce (plural).
sugar;a sweet crystalline substance obtained from various plants.
runs;move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time (third person).
gnus;a large dark antelope with a long head, a beard and mane, and a sloping back (plural).
anus;the opening at the end of the alimentary canal through which solid waste matter leaves the body.
unit;an individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
taurine;organic compound that is widely distributed in animal tissues and often used in energy drinks.
argue;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
unites;come or bring together for a common purpose or action (third person).
tuna;a large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish.
argues;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view (third person).
gust;a sudden strong rush of wind.
inure;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant.
natures;the basic or inherent features, character, or qualities of something (plural).
tune;a melody, especially one which characterizes a certain piece of music.
guts;the stomach or belly.
gurns;pull a grotesque face (third person).
runts;a small pig or other animal, especially the smallest in a litter (plural).
rusting;be affected with rust.
auger;a tool resembling a large corkscrew, for boring holes in wood.
urinates;discharge urine - pass water (third person).
inures;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant (third person).
grunt;(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
ruin;the physical destruction or disintegration of something or the state of disintegrating or being destroyed.
nuts;a fruit consisting of a hard or tough shell around an edible kernel (plural).
ruts;a long deep track made by the repeated passage of the wheels of vehicles (plural).
urea;a colourless crystalline compound which is the main nitrogenous breakdown product of protein metabolism in mammals and is excreted in urine.
aunts;the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle (plural).
tuners;a person who tunes musical instruments, especially pianos (plural).
saunter;walk in a slow, relaxed manner.
unseat;cause (someone) to fall from a horse or bicycle.
nutrias;the skin or fur of the coypu (plural).
unite;come or bring together for a common purpose or action.
rues;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone (third person).
gaunt;(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age.
augers;a tool resembling a large corkscrew, for boring holes in wood (plural).
sure;completely confident that one is right.
tunes;a melody, especially one which characterizes a certain piece of music (plural).
strung;past and past participle of string.
signature;a person's name written in a distinctive way as a form of identification in authorizing a cheque or document or concluding a letter.
tugs;pull (something) hard or suddenly (third person).
urgent;requiring immediate action or attention.
gustier;characterized by or blowing in gusts.
usage;the action of using something or the fact of being used.
sauteing;fried quickly in a little hot fat (present participle).
agues;malaria or another illness involving fever and shivering (plural).
triune;constituting three in one, esp the three persons in one God of the Trinity.
uniter;one who brings things together.
