deft;neatly skilful and quick in one's movements.
suited;right or appropriate for a particular person, purpose, or situation.
duet;a performance by two singers, instrumentalists, or dancers.
dies;stop living.
jets;a rapid stream of liquid or gas forced out of a small opening.
tides;the alternate rising and falling of the sea (plural).
sued;institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
feuds;a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute (plural).
ties;attach or fasten with string or similar cord (third person).
diet;the kinds of food that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
justified;having a good or legitimate reason.
edit;prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
sited;fix or build (something) in a particular place.
sifted;(of material) having been passed through a sieve.
suite;a set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.
jute;the glossy fiber of a tropical plant, used for making twine and rope or woven into sacking or matting.
duets;a performance by two singers, instrumentalists, or dancers (plural).
suet;the hard white fat on the kidneys and loins of cattle, sheep, and other animals, used to make foods such as puddings, pastry, and mincemeat.
fetus;an unborn or unhatched offspring of a mammal, in particular an unborn human.
tide;the alternate rising and falling of the sea.
tidies;an act or spell of tidying something (third person).
diets;the kinds of food that a person, animal, or community habitually eats (plural).
dues;one's right - what is owed to one.
ides;(in the ancient Roman calendar) a day falling roughly in the middle of each month.
feud;a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
side;a position to the left or right of an object, place, or central point.
jest;a thing said or done for amusement.
tied;fastened or attached with string or similar cord.
edits;prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it (plural).
used;showing wear or being worn out.
site;an area of ground on which a town, building, or monument is constructed.
duties;a moral or legal obligation (plural).
fused;join or blend to form a single entity (past tense).
fuse;join or blend to form a single entity.
fetid;smelling extremely unpleasant.
fisted;strike with the fist (past tense).
teds;turn over and spread out (grass, hay, or straw) to dry or for bedding (third person).
deist;of or relating to deism.
