pure;not mixed or adulterated with any other substance or material.
deep;extending far down from the top or surface.
dice;a small cube with each side having a different number of spots on it, ranging from one to six, thrown and used in gambling and other games involving chance.
jeep;a small, sturdy motor vehicle with four-wheel drive, especially one used by the military.
cure;relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
recipe;a set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required.
cede;give up (power or territory).
rued;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone.
priced;decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale).
crude;in a natural or raw state - not yet processed or refined.
pride;a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements, the achievements of one's close associates, or from qualities or possessions that are widely admired.
cured;relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition (adj).
rice;a swamp grass which is widely cultivated as a source of food, especially in Asia.
reed;a tall, slender-leaved plant of the grass family, which grows in water or on marshy ground.
peed;urinate (past tense).
cider;an alcoholic drink made from fermented apple juice.
prude;a person who is or claims to be easily shocked by matters relating to sex or nudity.
puce;of a dark red or purple-brown colour.
reduce;make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
peer;a person of the same age, status, or ability as another specified person.
cried;past and past participle of cry.
pierce;(of a sharp pointed object) go into or through (something).
piece;a portion of an object or of material, produced by cutting, tearing, or breaking the whole.
curie;the quantity of radioactive substance that emits one curie of activity.
juiced;extract the juice from (fruit or vegetables).
cued;give a cue to or for.
cere;a fleshy, membranous covering of the base of the upper mandible of a bird, especially a bird of prey or a parrot, through which the nostrils open.
juicer;an appliance for extracting juice from fruit and vegetables.
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
deuce;a thing representing, or represented by, the number two, in particular.
pieced;assemble something from parts or pieces.
deice;to free of ice - prevent or remove ice formation.
eider;a northern sea duck, of which the male is mainly black-and-white with a coloured head, and the female brown.
epic;a long poem, typically one derived from ancient oral tradition, narrating the deeds and adventures of heroic or legendary figures or the past history of a nation.
drupe;a fleshy fruit with thin skin and a central stone containing the seed, e.g. a plum, cherry, almond, or olive.
juice;the liquid obtained from or present in fruit or vegetables.
jeer;make rude and mocking remarks, typically in a loud voice.
pied;having two or more different colours.
pierced;(of a sharp pointed object) go into or through (something) (past tense).
epicure;a person who takes particular pleasure in fine food and drink.
ripe;(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
puree;a smooth cream of liquidized or crushed fruit or vegetables.
pureed;make a puree of (fruit or vegetables).
prejudice;preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience.
crepe;a thin pancake.
creed;a system of religious belief - a faith.
iced;(of a drink or other liquid) cooled to a low temperature.
creep;move slowly and carefully in order to avoid being heard or noticed.
dupe;deceive - trick.
ecru;the light fawn colour of unbleached linen.
rude;offensively impolite or bad-mannered.
pier;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
pedicure;a cosmetic treatment of the feet and toenails.
riced;force (cooked potatoes or other vegetables) through a sieve or ricer.
pried;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs.
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
price;the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.
rupee;the basic monetary unit of India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles.
deicer;a device or a chemical substance for preventing or removing ice.
deer;a hoofed grazing or browsing animal, with branched bony antlers that are shed annually and typically borne only by the male.
