lives ; plural form of life.
value ; the regard that something is held to deserve.
values ; the regard that something is held to deserve (plural).
live ; remain living.
vans ; a covered motor vehicle, typically without side windows, used for transporting goods or people (plural).
save ; keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
evil ; profoundly immoral and malevolent.
evils ; profound immorality, wickedness, and depravity, especially when regarded as a supernatural force (plural).
visual ; relating to seeing or sight.
silver ; a precious shiny grayish-white metal.
liver ; a large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes.
livers ; a large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes (plural).
alive ; (of a person, animal, or plant) living, not dead.
slave ; a person who is the legal property of another and is forced to obey them.
virus ; an infective agent that typically consists of a nucleic acid molecule in a protein coat, is too small to be seen by light microscopy, and is able to multiply only within the living cells of a host.
varies ; differ in size, amount, degree, or nature from something else of the same general class.
navies ; the branch of a nation's armed services that conducts military operations at sea (plural).
vein ; any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart.
veins ; any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart (plural).
vain ; having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
rival ; a person or thing competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity.
rivals ; a person or thing competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity (plural).
revs ; revolutions of an engine per minute.
viral ; of the nature of, caused by, or relating to a virus or viruses.
naive ; (of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
naiver ; (of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment (comparative adj).
veil ; a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face.
veils ; a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face (plural).
raven ; a large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion.
ravens ; a large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion (plural).
vies ; compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
vine ; a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family.
vines ; a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family (plural).
vase ; a decorative container, typically made of glass or china and used as an ornament or for displaying cut flowers.
visa ; an endorsement on a passport indicating that the holder is allowed to enter, leave, or stay for a specified period of time in a country.
nave ; the central part of a church building, intended to accommodate most of the congregation.
naves ; the central part of a church building, intended to accommodate most of the congregation (plural).
vile ; extremely unpleasant.
viler ; extremely unpleasant (comparative adj).
vale ; a valley (used in place names or as a poetic term).
vales ; a valley (used in place names or as a poetic term) (plural).
ravine ; a deep, narrow gorge with steep sides.
ravines ; a deep, narrow gorge with steep sides (plural).
vane ; a broad blade attached to a rotating axis or wheel that pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a machine or device such as a windmill, propeller, or turbine.
vanes ; a broad blade attached to a rotating axis or wheel that pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a machine or device such as a windmill, propeller, or turbine (plural).
vial ; a small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines.
vials ; a small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines (plural).
unravel ; undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
unravels ; undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads) (third person).
navel ; a rounded, knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth.
navels ; a rounded, knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth (plural).
anvil ; a heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped.
anvils ; a heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped (plural).
veal ; the flesh of a calf, used as food.
vise ; a metal tool with movable jaws that are used to hold an object firmly in place while work is done on it, typically attached to a workbench.
salve ; an ointment used to promote healing of the skin or as protection.
rave ; talk wildly or incoherently, as if one were delirious or insane.
raves ; talk wildly or incoherently, as if one were delirious or insane (third person).
saver ; a person who regularly saves money through a bank or recognized scheme.
sliver ; a small, thin, narrow piece of something cut or split off a larger piece.
vernal ; of, in, or appropriate to spring.
suave ; (especially of a man) charming, confident, and elegant.
suaver ; (especially of a man) charming, confident, and elegant (comparative adj).
aver ; state or assert to be the case.
avers ; state or assert to be the case (third person).
ravel ; untangle or unravel something.
ravels ; untangle or unravel something (third person).
venal ; showing or motivated by susceptibility to bribery.
valise ; a small traveling bag or suitcase.
unveil ; remove a veil or covering from, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
unveils ; remove a veil or covering from, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony (third person).
riven ; split or tear apart violently (past tense).
venial ; denoting a sin that is not regarded as depriving the soul of divine grace.
slaver ; a person dealing in or owning slaves.
liven ; make or become more lively or interesting.
livens ; make or become more lively or interesting (third person).
salver ; a tray, typically one made of silver and used in formal circumstances.
snivel ; cry and sniffle.
vainer ; having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth (comparative adj).
universal ; said of, or done by all people or things in the world.
