unravel;undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
vale;a valley (used in place names or as a poetic term).
vial;a small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines.
veal;the flesh of a calf, used as food.
varies;differ in size, amount, degree, or nature from something else of the same general class.
unravels;undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads) (third person).
rave;talk wildly or incoherently, as if one were delirious or insane.
valuers;a person whose job is to estimate the value of something that is to be purchased (plural).
naive;(of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
vise;a metal tool with movable jaws that are used to hold an object firmly in place while work is done on it, typically attached to a workbench.
vase;a decorative container, typically made of glass or china and used as an ornament or for displaying cut flowers.
save;keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
evil;profoundly immoral and malevolent.
revisal;the act of rewriting something.
ravens;a large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion (plural).
raven;a large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion.
surveil;to watch secretly.
vainer;having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth (comparative adj).
anvils;a heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped (plural).
vein;any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart.
vines;a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family (plural).
alive;(of a person, animal, or plant) living, not dead.
vain;having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
ravel;untangle or unravel something.
raves;talk wildly or incoherently, as if one were delirious or insane (third person).
livers;a large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes (plural).
revs;revolutions of an engine per minute.
saver;a person who regularly saves money through a bank or recognized scheme.
vials;a small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines (plural).
vine;a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family.
ravines;a deep, narrow gorge with steep sides (plural).
vies;compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
unveil;remove a veil or covering from, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
naiver;(of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment (comparative adj).
values;the regard that something is held to deserve (plural).
ravine;a deep, narrow gorge with steep sides.
vanes;a broad blade attached to a rotating axis that pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a windmill, propeller, or turbine (plural).
serval;an African wildcat.
ravels;untangle or unravel something (third person).
vales;a valley (used in place names or as a poetic term) (plural).
nave;the central part of a church building, intended to accommodate most of the congregation.
live;remain living.
vernal;of, in, or appropriate to spring.
suaver;(especially of a man) charming, confident, and elegant (comparative adj).
liven;make or become more lively or interesting.
silver;a precious shiny grayish-white metal.
veil;a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face.
rivals;a person competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity (plural).
snivel;cry and sniffle.
salver;a tray, typically one made of silver and used in formal circumstances.
unveils;remove a veil or covering from, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony (third person).
aver;state or assert to be the case.
liver;a large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes.
value;the regard that something is held to deserve.
evils;profound immorality, wickedness, and depravity, especially when regarded as a supernatural force (plural).
vile;extremely unpleasant.
universal;said of, or done by all people or things in the world.
venal;showing or motivated by susceptibility to bribery.
laver;a basin or similar container used for washing oneself.
riven;split or torn apart violently (adj).
lives;plural form of life.
salve;an ointment used to promote healing of the skin or as protection.
vans;a covered motor vehicle, typically without side windows, used for transporting goods or people (plural).
avers;state or assert to be the case (third person).
sliver;a small, thin, narrow piece of something cut or split off a larger piece.
lavers;a basin or similar container used for washing oneself (plural).
valuer;a person whose job is to estimate the value of something that is to be purchased.
visa;an endorsement on a passport indicating that the holder is allowed to enter, leave, or stay for a specified period of time in a country.
slave;a person who is the legal property of another and is forced to obey them.
slaver;a person dealing in or owning slaves.
rives;separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument (third person).
unlive;to annul or wipe out (past experience, etc.)
naevus;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (both spellings accepted).
valise;a small traveling bag or suitcase.
vane;a broad blade attached to a rotating axis that pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a windmill, propeller, or turbine.
lave;wash one's face and hands.
navel;a rounded, knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth.
naevi;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (plural) (both spellings accepted).
viler;extremely unpleasant (comparative adj).
naves;the central part of a church building, intended to accommodate most of the congregation (plural).
nevi;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (plural) (both spellings accepted).
rive;separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument.
navies;the branch of a nation's armed services that conducts military operations at sea (plural).
laves;wash one's face and hands (third person).
navels;a rounded, knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth (plural).
venial;denoting a sin that is not regarded as depriving the soul of divine grace.
veils;a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face (plural).
visual;relating to seeing or sight.
anvil;a heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped.
suave;(especially of a man) charming, confident, and elegant.
viral;of the nature of, caused by, or relating to a virus or viruses.
virus;an infective agent that is too small to be seen by light microscopy, and is able to multiply only within the living cells of a host.
nevus;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (both spellings accepted).
livens;make or become more lively or interesting (third person).
rival;a person competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity.
avulse;to tear off forcibly.
veins;any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart (plural).
