sure;completely confident that one is right.
rouse;cause to stop sleeping.
sloven;a person who is habitually untidy or careless.
revs;revolutions of an engine per minute.
lures;something that tempts or is used to tempt a person or animal to do something (plural).
slyer;having or showing a cunning and deceitful nature (comparative adj).
eons;an indefinite and very long period of time (plural).
roves;travel constantly without a fixed destination - wander (third person).
venous;relating to a vein or the veins.
nosy;showing too much curiosity about other people's affairs (both possible spellings accepted).
solve;find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery).
voyeurs;a person who gains sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity (plural).
lens;a piece of glass or other transparent material with curved sides for concentrating or dispersing light rays.
rosy;(especially of a person's skin) coloured like a pink or red rose.
nosey;showing too much curiosity about other people's affairs (both possible spellings accepted).
lousy;very poor or bad.
envoys;a short stanza concluding a ballade.
surely;used to emphasize the speaker's firm belief that what they are saying is true and often their surprise that there is any doubt of this.
nous;common sense or practical intelligence.
euros;the single currency, which replaced the national European currencies (plural).
sore;(of a part of one's body) painful or aching.
sorely;to a very high degree or level of intensity.
yens;feel a longing or yearning (third person).
nervous;easily agitated or alarmed.
roles;an actor's part in a play, film, etc (plural).
rose;a prickly bush or shrub that typically bears red, pink, yellow, or white fragrant flowers.
surly;bad-tempered and unfriendly.
noels;Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards (plural).
sourly;in a way that is not cheerful. A bad-tempered and unpleasant way.
loser;a person or thing that loses or has lost something, especially a game or contest.
lose;be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
ores;a naturally occurring solid material from which a metal or valuable mineral can be extracted profitably.
rues;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone (third person).
sour;having an acid taste like lemon or vinegar.
ruse;an action intended to deceive someone - a trick.
snore;a snorting or grunting sound in a person's breathing while they are asleep.
nevus;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (US spelling).
sole;a marine flatfish of almost worldwide distribution, important as a food fish.
slue;turn or slide violently or uncontrollably.
louvers;each of a set of angled slats fixed or hung at regular intervals in a door, shutter, or screen to allow air or light to pass through (both possible spellings accepted).
sloe;another term for blackthorn.
lovers;partners in a sexual or romantic relationship outside marriage.
runes;a letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet (plural).
lyres;a stringed instrument like a small U-shaped harp with strings fixed to a crossbar, used especially in ancient Greece (plural).
runs;move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time (third person).
urns;a tall, rounded vase with a stem and base, especially one used for storing the ashes of a cremated person (plural).
nurse;a person trained to care for the sick or infirm, especially in a hospital.
nervously;in an anxious or apprehensive manner.
velours;a plush woven fabric resembling velvet, used for soft furnishings, casual clothing,and hats (plural).
enrols;officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
loves;a strong feeling of affection (plural).
overs;a sequence of six balls bowled by a bowler from one end of the pitch in cricket, after which another bowler takes over from the other end (plural).
solver;a person (or program) that finds the solution to a problem.
slur;speak (words) indistinctly so that the sounds run into one another.
survey;look closely at or examine (someone or something).
loners;a person that prefers not to associate with others (plural).
ones;the lowest cardinal number (plural).
soul;the spiritual or immaterial part of a human being or animal, regarded as immortal.
roes;the mass of eggs contained in the ovaries of a female fish or shellfish, especially when ripe and used as food.
onus;something that is one's duty or responsibility.
user;a person who uses or operates something.
novels;a fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism (plural).
yous;you (usually more than one person) (plural).
ovens;an enclosed compartment, usually part of a cooker, for cooking and heating food (plural).
ovules;the part of the ovary of seed plants that contains the female germ cell and after fertilization becomes the seed.
ours;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.
nose;the part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person or animal, containing the nostrils and used for breathing and smelling.
noes;a negative answer or decision, as in voting (plural).
louse;either of two small wingless parasitic insects that live on the skin of mammals and birds.
yours;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
rules;a set of explicit or understood regulations or principles governing conduct or procedure within a particular area of activity.
louvres;each of a set of angled slats fixed or hung at regular intervals in a door, shutter, or screen to allow air or light to pass through (both possible spellings accepted).
voles;a small, typically burrowing, mouse-like rodent with a rounded muzzle (plural).
lores;a body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group (plural).
soler;one that soled shoes or boots.
