hire;employ (someone) for wages.
miners;a person who works in a mine (plural).
marines;a member of a body of troops trained to serve on land or sea (plural).
hers;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with a female person or animal previously mentioned.
fries;potato pieces cooked in hot fat or oil (plural).
safe;protected from or not exposed to danger or risk.
fireman;a male firefighter.
near;at or to a short distance away.
risen;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up (past tense).
miser;a person who hoards wealth and spends as little money as possible.
fisherman;a person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
freshman;a first-year student at university.
hear;perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
hame;either of the two rigid pieces along the sides of a horse's collar, to which the traces are attached.
same;identical, not different.
mare;the female of a horse or other equine animal.
name;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
serif;a slight projection finishing off a stroke of a letter in certain typefaces.
heir;a person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
namers;a person who gives a name or names (plural).
ears;the organ of hearing and balance in humans and other vertebrates.
reams;500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper (plural).
anime;a style of Japanese film and television animation, typically aimed at adults as well as children.
masher;a utensil for mashing food.
airmen;a pilot or member of the crew of an aircraft, especially in an air force (plural).
afresh;in a new or different way.
fires;a process of combustion or burning (plural).
shamer;a person who publicly mocks or criticizes someone for a particular aspect of their appearance or behaviour in order to make them feel humiliated.
sane;(of a person) of sound mind.
ares;a metric unit of measurement, equal to 100 square metres (plural).
fisher;a person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
fame;the state of being known or talked about by many people, especially on account of notable achievements.
mares;the female of a horse or other equine animal (plural).
hems;the edge of a piece of cloth or clothing which has been turned under and sewn (plural).
nears;approach (third person).
seam;a line where two pieces of fabric are sewn together in a garment or other article.
harem;(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants.
finer;of very high quality (comparative adj).
mean;intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing).
snare;a trap for catching birds or mammals, typically one having a noose of wire or cord.
fare;the money paid for a journey on public transport.
rhea;a large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with greyish-brown plumage.
amen;uttered at the end of a prayer or hymn, meaning ‘so be it’.
hare;a fast-running, long-eared mammal that resembles a large rabbit, having very long hind legs and typically found in grassland or open woodland.
raise;lift or move to a higher position or level.
safer;protected from or not exposed to danger or risk (comparative adj).
ashier;of a pale greyish colour (comparative adj).
miner;a person who works in a mine.
emir;a title of various Muslim (mainly Arab) rulers.
sheaf;a bundle of grain stalks laid lengthways and tied together after reaping.
manes;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal (plural).
harems;(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants (plural).
rife;(especially of something undesirable) of common occurrence - widespread.
resin;a sticky flammable organic substance, insoluble in water, exuded by some trees and other plants (notably fir and pine).
hens;a female bird, especially of a domestic fowl (plural).
marine;relating to or found in the sea.
hies;go quickly.
saner;(of a person) of sound mind (comparative adj).
emirs;a title of various Muslim (mainly Arab) rulers (plural).
serf;an agricultural labourer bound by the feudal system who was tied to working on his lord's estate.
seminar;a conference or other meeting for discussion or training.
fresh;(of food) recently made or obtained. Not tinned, frozen, or otherwise preserved.
inseam;another term for inside leg.
mesa;an isolated flat-topped hill with steep sides, found in landscapes with horizontal strata.
rheas;a large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with greyish-brown plumage (plural).
fares;the money paid for a journey on public transport (plural).
fines;a sum of money exacted as a penalty by a court of law or other authority (plural).
hernia;a condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it.
sine;the trigonometric function.
arise;(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge, become apparent.
sear;burn or scorch the surface of (something) with a sudden, intense heat.
share;a part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute.
fine;of very high quality.
hares;a fast-running, long-eared mammal that resembles a large rabbit (plural).
namer;a person who gives a name or names.
ferns;a flowerless plant which has feathery or leafy fronds and reproduces by spores released from the undersides of the fronds (plural).
smear;coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance.
manse;a house provided for a minister of certain Christian Churches.
earns;obtain (money) in return for labour or services (third person).
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
rime;frost formed on cold objects by the rapid freezing of water vapour in cloud or fog.
mesh;material made of a network of wire or thread.
infer;deduce or conclude (something) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements.
fears;an unpleasant emotion caused by the threat of danger, pain, or harm (plural).
hears;perceive with the ear the sound made by someone or something (third person).
rise;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up.
ahem;used to represent the noise made when clearing the throat, typically to attract attention or express disapproval or embarrassment.
shame;a painful feeling of humiliation or distress caused by the consciousness of wrong or foolish behaviour.
fern;a flowerless plant which has feathery or leafy fronds and reproduces by spores released from the undersides of the fronds.
mines;an excavation in the earth for extracting coal or other minerals (plural).
mine;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker.
mire;a stretch of swampy or boggy ground.
anise;a Mediterranean plant of the parsley family, cultivated for its aromatic seeds which are used in cooking and herbal medicine.
rinse;wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
shiner;a thing that shines or reflects light.
reins;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving (plural).
hernias;a condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it (plural).
fens;a low and marshy or frequently flooded area of land (plural).
famines;extreme scarcity of food (plural).
sera;plural form of serum.
sire;the male parent of an animal, especially a stallion or bull kept for breeding.
shear;cut the wool off (a sheep or other animal).
remain;continue to exist, especially after other similar people or things have ceased to do so.
miens;a person's appearance or manner, especially as an indication of their character or mood.
hires;employ (someone) for wages (third person).
ream;500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper.
fear;an unpleasant emotion caused by the threat of danger, pain, or harm.
afire;on fire, burning.
remains;the parts left over after other parts have been removed, used, or destroyed.
mires;a stretch of swampy or boggy ground (plural).
frames;a rigid structure that surrounds something such as a picture, door, or windowpane (plural).
hames;two curved pieces of iron or wood forming or attached to the collar of a draught horse, to which the traces are attached.
ashen;(of a person's face) very pale with shock, fear, or illness.
heirs;a person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death (plural).
shrine;a place regarded as holy because of its associations with a divinity or a sacred person or relic.
arsine;a poisonous gas smelling slightly of garlic.
infers;deduce or conclude (something) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements (third person).
mane;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal.
ramen;quick-cooking noodles, typically served in a broth with meat and vegetables.
fire;a process of combustion or burning.
shire;a county, especially in England, or any of the former districts or regions in Great Britain.
rimes;cover (an object) with hoar frost (third person).
means;an action or system by which a result is achieved - a method.
siren;a device that makes a loud prolonged signal or warning sound.
armies;an organized military force equipped for fighting on land (plural).
names;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to (plural).
shine;(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
arisen;(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge, become apparent (past tense).
frame;a rigid structure that surrounds something such as a picture, door, or windowpane.
eras;a long and distinct period of history (plural).
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
famine;extreme scarcity of food.
mien;a person's appearance or manner, especially as an indication of their character or mood.
shea;a small tropical African tree which bears oily nuts from which a body butter is often made.
menhir;a tall upright megalith.
menhirs;a tall upright megalith (plural).
