load;a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried.
ordeal;a very unpleasant and prolonged experience.
fader;a device or control for varying the volume of sound, the intensity of light, or the gain on a video or audio signal.
mold;a hollow container used to give shape to molten or hot liquid material when it cools and hardens.
formed;bring together parts or combine to create (something).
lard;fat from the abdomen of a pig that is rendered and clarified for use in cooking.
fedora;a low, soft felt hat with a curled brim and the crown creased lengthways.
modem;a combined device for modulation and demodulation, for example, between the digital data of a computer and the analogue signal of a telephone line.
alder;a widely distributed tree of the birch family which has toothed leaves and bears male catkins and woody female cones.
folder;a folding cover or holder, typically made of stiff paper or cardboard, for storing loose papers.
deaf;lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
read;look at and comprehend the meaning of written text by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
rammed;roughly force (something) into place.
armed;equipped with or carrying a firearm or firearms.
older;having lived for a long time (comparative adj).
meld;blend, combine.
flamed;burn and give off flames.
oared;rowed.
reload;load (something, especially a gun that has been fired) again.
dorm;a dormitory.
foamed;form or produce a mass of small bubbles.
refold;fold (something) up again.
loafed;spend one's time in an aimless, idle way.
roamed;move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
modal;relating to mode or form as opposed to substance.
made;past and past participle of make.
fled;past and past participle of flee.
doer;the person who does something.
flared;burn or shine with a sudden intensity.
lode;a vein of metal ore in the earth.
medal;a metal disc made to commemorate an event or awarded as a distinction to someone such as a soldier or athlete.
dame;(in the UK) the title given to a woman with the rank of Knight Commander or holder of the Grand Cross in the Orders of Chivalry.
demo;a demonstration of a product or technique.
loader;a machine or person that loads something.
adore;love and respect (someone) deeply.
fared;perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.
edam;a yellow pressed cheese of Dutch origin usually made in flattened balls and often coated with red wax.
famed;known about by many people.
lord;someone or something having power, authority, or influence.
fold;bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
dear;regarded with deep affection.
dram;a small drink of whisky or other spirits.
lammed;hit hard, strike.
deal;distribute (cards) in an orderly rotation to players for a game or round.
fade;gradually grow faint and disappear.
deform;distort the shape or form of.
mead;an alcoholic drink of fermented honey and water.
lead;cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
rode;past of ride.
earldom;the rank, title, or dignity of an earl or countess, or the lands of an earl or countess.
road;a wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
dome;a rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.
lamed;make (a person or animal) lame.
ford;a shallow place in a river or stream allowing one to walk or drive across.
dale;a valley, especially in northern England.
farmed;(of a type of livestock or crop) bred or grown commercially, especially as opposed to living in the wild.
model;a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing.
framed;(of a picture, photograph, etc.) held in a frame.
redo;do (something) again or differently.
dole;benefit paid by the government to the unemployed.
dare;have the courage to do something.
dream;a series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
mode;a way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.
lade;put cargo on board (a ship).
foaled;(of a mare) give birth to a foal.
malformed;(of a person or part of the body) abnormally formed, misshapen.
remold;to shape again or shape differently.
