sour;having an acid taste like lemon or vinegar.
pore;a minute opening in a surface, especially the skin.
mouse;a small rodent that typically has a pointed snout, relatively large ears and eyes, and a long tail.
score;in a sport or game, gaining a goal or point.
romp;(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically.
mops;an implement consisting of a bundle of thick loose strings or a sponge attached to a handle, used for wiping floors or other surfaces (plural).
mopes;feel dejected and apathetic (third person).
coops;a cage or pen in which poultry are kept (plural).
poems;a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery (plural).
promos;a piece of publicity or advertising, especially in the form of a short film or video (plural).
room;space that can be occupied or where something can be done.
come;move or travel towards or into a place thought of as near or familiar to the speaker.
opus;a separate composition or set of compositions.
cops;a police officer (plural).
moor;a tract of open uncultivated upland, typically covered with heather.
poser;a person who poses.
prom;a formal dance at a school or college which is usually held at the end of the academic year.
scope;the extent of the area or subject matter that something deals with or to which it is relevant.
coop;a cage or pen in which poultry are kept.
scour;clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
sumo;a Japanese form of heavyweight wrestling.
recoup;regain (something lost or expended).
romps;(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically (third person).
moos;make the characteristic deep resonant vocal sound of cattle (plural).
some;an unspecified amount or number of.
peso;a unit of money common in South America.
corps;a main subdivision of an army in the field, consisting of two or more divisions.
porous;(of a rock or other material) having minute interstices through which liquid or air may pass.
crops;a cultivated plant that is grown on a large scale commercially, especially a cereal, fruit, or vegetable (plural).
ropes;a length of thick strong cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, sisal, nylon, or similar material (plural).
core;the part of something that is central to its existence or character.
pros;a professional, especially in sport (plural).
composure;the state or feeling of being calm and in control of oneself.
crop;a cultivated plant that is grown on a large scale commercially, especially a cereal, fruit, or vegetable.
coupes;a car with a fixed roof, two doors, and a sloping rear (plural).
copes;(of a person) deal effectively with something difficult (third person).
soup;a liquid dish, typically savoury and made by boiling meat, fish, or vegetables etc. in stock or water.
corpus;a collection of written texts, especially the entire works of a particular author or a body of writing on a particular subject.
composer;a person who writes music, especially as a professional occupation.
mope;feel dejected and apathetic.
scoop;to take up or out with or as with a spoon.
comers;a person who arrives somewhere (plural).
rope;a length of thick strong cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, sisal, nylon, or similar material.
roes;the mass of eggs contained in the ovaries of a female fish or shellfish, especially when ripe and used as food.
mouser;an animal that catches mice, especially a cat.
coos;(of a pigeon or dove) make a soft murmuring sound (third person).
morose;sullen and ill-tempered.
more;a greater or additional amount or degree.
rooms;space that can be occupied or where something can be done (plural).
poor;lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
coups;a sudden, violent, and illegal seizure of power from a government (plural).
comer;a person who arrives somewhere.
euros;the single currency, which replaced the national European currencies (plural).
pour;flow rapidly in a steady stream.
cores;the tough central part of various fruits, containing the seeds (plural).
pours;let flow rapidly in a steady stream (third person).
corpse;a dead body, especially of a human being rather than an animal.
moose;a large deer with palmate antlers and a growth of skin hanging from the neck, native to northern Eurasia and northern North America.
moors;a tract of open uncultivated upland, typically covered with heather (plural).
poem;a piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery.
oops;used to show recognition of a mistake or minor accident, often as part of an apology.
proms;a formal dance at a school or college which is usually held at the end of the academic year (plural).
prose;written or spoken language in its ordinary form, without metrical structure.
coup;a sudden, violent, and illegal seizure of power from a government.
pores;a minute opening in a surface, especially the skin (plural).
cooper;a maker or repairer of casks and barrels.
ours;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.
sore;(of a part of one's body) painful or aching.
poseur;a person who behaves affectedly in order to impress others.
copse;a small group of trees.
cope;(of a person) deal effectively with something difficult.
recoups;regain (something lost or expended) (third person).
coupe;a car with a fixed roof, two doors, and a sloping rear.
rose;a prickly bush or shrub that typically bears red, pink, yellow, or white fragrant flowers.
comes;move or travel towards or into a place thought of as near or familiar to the speaker (third person).
ores;a naturally occurring solid material from which a metal or valuable mineral can be extracted profitably.
pose;present or constitute (a problem or danger).
copers;a person who copes with whatever is thrown at them (plural).
smore;a sweet snack consisting of a chocolate bar and toasted marshmallows sandwiched between graham crackers.
corms;a rounded underground storage organ present in some plants (plural).
euro ; the single European currency.
source;a place, person, or thing from which something originates or can be obtained.
promo;a piece of publicity or advertising, especially in the form of a short film or video.
rouse;cause to stop sleeping.
orcs;(in fantasy literature and games) a member of an imaginary race of human-like creatures, characterized as ugly, warlike, and malevolent (plural).
spoor;the track or scent of an animal.
corm;a rounded underground storage organ present in some plants.
spore;a minute, typically one-celled, reproductive unit capable of giving rise to a new individual without sexual fusion, characteristic of lower plants, fungi, and protozoans.
croup;inflammation of the larynx and trachea in children, associated with infection and causing breathing difficulties.
coopers;a maker or repairer of casks and barrels (plural).
mores;the essential or characteristic customs and conventions of a society or community.
course;the route or direction followed by a ship, aircraft, road, or river.
compose;write or create (a work of art, especially music or poetry).
coper;a person who copes with whatever is thrown at them.
mucose;of or secreting or resembling mucus.
