ants;a small insect that lives in a complex social colony with one or more breeding queens (plural).
meant;past and past participle of mean.
seat;a thing made or used for sitting on, such as a chair or stool.
inmates;a person confined to an institution such as a prison or hospital (plural).
tame;(of an animal) not dangerous or frightened of people - domesticated.
sang;past of sing.
inmate;a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison.
taming;domesticate (an animal).
maims;wound or injure (a person or animal) so that part of the body is permanently damaged (third person).
inseam;another term for inside leg.
images;a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art (plural).
snag;an unexpected or hidden obstacle or drawback.
magnet;a piece of iron or other material which has its component atoms so ordered that the material attracts other iron-containing objects.
aims;point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target (third person).
mean;intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing).
tames;domesticate (an animal) (third person).
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
nags;harass (someone) constantly to do something that they are averse to (third person).
misname;assign in incorrect name to.
seam;a line where two pieces of fabric are sewn together in a garment or other article.
mesa;an isolated flat-topped hill with steep sides, found in landscapes with horizontal strata.
teasing;playfully vexing (especially by ridicule).
agents;a person who acts on behalf of another person or group (plural).
ages;to become old (third person).
seaming;join with a seam.
antes;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards (plural).
name;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
sage;an aromatic plant whose greyish-green leaves are used as a culinary herb, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean.
agent;a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
steaming;giving off steam.
giants;an imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size (plural).
mage;a magician or learned person.
teaming;come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
anti;opposed to - against.
game;a form of competitive activity or sport played according to rules.
manes;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal (plural).
gamin;a street urchin.
mans;work at, run, or operate (a place or piece of equipment) or defend (a fortification) (third person).
means;an action or system by which a result is achieved - a method.
stigma;a symbol of disgrace or infamy.
magnets;a piece of iron or other material which has its component atoms so ordered that the material attracts other iron-containing objects (plural).
gamine;a girl with a mischievous, boyish charm.
teams;a group of players forming one side in a competitive game or sport (plural).
gates;a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge (plural).
sating;satisfy (a desire or an appetite) to the full.
mane;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal.
same;identical, not different.
mains;a principal connection of electricity, water or gas to buildings.
eats;put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
meat;the flesh of an animal, typically a mammal or bird, as food.
image;a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
steam;water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere.
mate;the sexual partner of a bird or other animal.
mats;a piece of coarse material placed on a floor for people to wipe their feet on (plural).
stage;a large platform on which people can stand and can be seen by an audience.
gaits;a person's manner of walking (plural).
manse;a house provided for a minister of certain Christian Churches.
easing;make (something unpleasant or intense) less serious or severe.
gamins;a street urchin (plural).
giant;an imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
satin;a smooth, glossy fabric, usually of silk.
teas;a hot drink made by infusing dried crushed leaves in boiling water (plural).
meats;the flesh of an animal, typically a mammal or bird, as food (plural).
gait;a person's manner of walking.
enigma;a person or thing that is mysterious or difficult to understand.
amen;uttered at the end of a prayer or hymn, meaning ‘so be it’.
sane;(of a person) of sound mind.
team;a group of players forming one side in a competitive game or sport.
tans;become brown or browner after exposure to the sun (third person).
tagine;a North African stew of spiced meat and vegetables prepared by slow cooking in a shallow earthenware cooking dish with a tall, conical lid.
east;the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes.
tinea;infections of the skin or nails caused by fungi and appearing as itching circular patches.
games;an activity that one engages in for amusement or fun (plural).
gain;obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable).
main;most important element.
mating;the action of animals coming together to breed.
mintage;act or process of minting coins.
enigmas;a person or thing that is mysterious or difficult to understand (plural).
eating;put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
gains;obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable) (third person).
anime;a style of Japanese film and television animation, typically aimed at adults as well as children.
tags;a label attached to someone or something for the purpose of identification or to give other information (plural).
seating;an area that includes places where several people can sit.
saint;a person acknowledged as holy or virtuous and regarded in Christian faith as being in heaven after death.
names;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to (plural).
gate;a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge.
gnat;a small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito.
mates;the sexual partner of a bird or other animal (plural).
gnats;a small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito. Gnats include both biting and non-biting forms, and they typically form large swarms (plural).
anise;a Mediterranean plant of the parsley family, cultivated for its aromatic seeds which are used in cooking and herbal medicine.
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
stain;mark or discolour with something that is not easily removed.
mast;a tall upright post, spar, or other structure on a ship or boat, in sailing vessels generally carrying a sail or sails.
maim;injure or wound seriously and leave permanent disfiguration or mutilation.
stag;a male deer, especially a male red deer after its fifth year.
mangiest;having mange (superlative adj).
magnetism;a physical phenomenon produced by the motion of electric charge, which results in attractive and repulsive forces between objects.
gamiest;(of meat) having the strong flavour or smell of game, especially when it is high (superlative adj).
tangs;a strong taste, flavour, or smell (plural).
ageism;prejudice or discrimination on the grounds of a person's age.
tang;a strong taste, flavour, or smell.
smegma;a white secretion of the sebaceous glands of the foreskin.
antis;a person opposed to a particular policy, activity, or idea (plural).
angst;an acute but unspecific feeling of anxiety.
gamines;a girl with a mischievous, boyish charm (plural).
sate;satisfy (a desire or an appetite) to the full.
mange;a skin disease of mammals caused by parasitic mites and occasionally communicable to humans.
magi;a magician, sorcerer, or astrologer (plural).
gamest;eager or willing to do something new or challenging (superlative adj).
