aright;correctly and properly.
hearing;the faculty of perceiving sounds.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
girt;secure (a garment or sword) on the body with a belt or band (past participle).
might;great and impressive power or strength, especially of a nation, large organization, or natural force.
mirage;an optical illusion caused by atmospheric conditions, especially the appearance of a sheet of water in a desert or on a hot road caused by the refraction of light from the sky by heated air.
gain;obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable).
great;of an extent, amount, or intensity considerably above average.
ragtime;a kind of music evolved by black American musicians in the 1890s and played especially on the piano, characterized by a syncopated melodic line and regularly accented accompaniment.
gate;a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge.
garnet;a precious stone consisting of a deep red vitreous silicate mineral.
nightmare;a frightening or unpleasant dream.
mating;the action of animals coming together to breed.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
gamine;a girl with a mischievous, boyish charm.
reign;hold royal office - rule as monarch.
tangier;having a strong, piquant flavour or smell (comparative adj).
teaming;come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
hanger;a shaped piece of wood, plastic, or metal with a hook at the top, from which clothes may be hung in order to keep them in shape.
emigrant;a person who leaves their own country in order to settle permanently in another.
tinge;colour slightly.
neigh;a characteristic high whinnying sound made by a horse.
heating;equipment or devices used to provide heat, especially to a building.
enigma;a person or thing that is mysterious or difficult to understand.
migrant;a person who moves from one place to another in order to find work or better living conditions.
right;morally good, justified, or acceptable.
gram;a metric unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
thing;an object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
gamer;a person who plays video games or participates in role-playing games.
rang;past tense of ring.
gamier;(of meat) having the strong flavour or smell of game (comparative adj).
giant;an imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
mange;a skin disease of mammals caused by parasitic mites and occasionally communicable to humans. It is characterized by severe itching, hair loss, and the formation of scabs and lesions.
tearing;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
grime;dirt ingrained on the surface of something.
agent;a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
mage;a magician or learned person.
hating;feel intense dislike for.
eating;put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
grim;very serious or gloomy.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
image;a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
meting;dispense or allot justice, a punishment, or harsh treatment.
grit;small loose particles of stone or sand.
nigh;near (archaic).
taring;making a deduction from gross weight to allow for the weight of a container.
ingrate;an ungrateful person.
tiger;a very large solitary cat with a yellow-brown coat striped with black, native to the forests of Asia but becoming increasingly rare.
gather;come together, assemble or accumulate.
granite;a very hard, granular, crystalline, igneous rock consisting mainly of quartz, mica, and feldspar and often used as a building stone.
migrate;(of an animal, typically a bird or fish) move from one region or habitat to another according to the seasons.
earthing;connect (an electrical device) with the ground.
ring;a small circular band, typically of precious metal and often set with one or more gemstones, worn on a finger as an ornament or a token of marriage, engagement, or authority.
terming;give a descriptive name to - call by a specified term.
regain;obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
gamin;a street urchin.
reaming;widen (a hole) with a special tool.
grain;wheat or any other cultivated cereal used as food.
night;the period from sunset to sunrise in each twenty-four hours.
harming;physically injure.
righten;make (something) right, correct or straight.
gaiter;a protective covering of cloth or leather for the ankle and lower leg.
hang;suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
garment;an item of clothing.
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
ting;a sharp, clear ringing sound, such as that made when a glass is struck by a metal object.
magi;a magician, sorcerer, or astrologer (plural).
game;a form of competitive activity or sport played according to rules.
gent;a gentleman.
magnet;a piece of iron or other material which has its component atoms so ordered that the material exhibits properties of magnetism, such as attracting other iron-containing objects.
gait;a person's manner of walking.
rating;a classification or ranking of someone or something based on a comparative assessment of their quality, standard, or performance.
gnat;a small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito.
haring;running with great speed.
grant;agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
mangier;having mange.
triage;(in medical use) the assignment of degrees of urgency to wounds or illnesses to decide the order of treatment of a large number of patients or casualties.
tang;a strong taste, flavour, or smell.
girth;the measurement around the middle of something, especially a person's waist.
manger;a long trough from which horses or cattle feed.
hinge;a movable joint or mechanism on which a door, gate, or lid swings as it opens and closes or which connects linked objects.
taming;domesticate (an animal).
grin;smile broadly.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism (such as the engine of a vehicle) and the speed of the driven parts (the wheels).
eight;equivalent to the product of two and four.
germ;a microorganism, especially one which causes disease.
grate;reduce (food) to small shreds (verb).
arming;supply or provide with weapons.
margin;the edge or border of something.
tagine;a North African stew of spiced meat and vegetables prepared by slow cooking in a shallow earthenware cooking dish with a tall, conical lid.
imager;an electronic or other device which records images of something.
argent;the heraldic color silver or white.
gratin;in cooking, a dish that has a thin layer of cheese and often breadcrumbs on top.
