clan;a close-knit group of interrelated families, especially in the Scottish Highlands.
vial;a small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines.
lain;place in a horizontal position (past participle).
glace;(used especially of fruits) preserved by coating with or allowing to absorb sugar.
glance;a quick look.
ailing;in poor health.
nail;a small metal spike with a broadened flat head, driven into wood to join things together or to serve as a hook.
vale;a valley (used in place names or as a poetic term).
cling;to hold on tightly or tenaciously.
align;to place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
veal;the flesh of a calf, used as food.
ceiling;the overhead upper surface of a covered space.
glean;gather, as of natural products.
lace;a fine open fabric of cotton or silk, made by looping, twisting, or knitting thread in patterns and used especially for trimming garments.
vile;extremely unpleasant.
alive;(of a person, animal, or plant) living, not dead.
civil;relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns.
angel;a spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God.
liven;make or become more lively or interesting.
cleaving;split or sever (something), especially along a natural line or grain (continuous tense).
alien;any being or thing foreign to the environment in which it now exists.
gavel;a small hammer with which an auctioneer, a judge, or the chair of a meeting hits a surface to call for attention or order.
lean;be in or move into a sloping position.
lance;a long weapon with a wooden shaft and a pointed steel head, formerly used by a horseman in charging.
clang;a loud resonant repeating noise.
line;a long, narrow mark or band.
living;the experience of being alive.
cilia;short hairlike filaments on tissue cells of most animals that provides the means for locomotion of protozoans.
gale;a very strong wind.
lacing;the fastening of a shoe or garment.
lien;a right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
navel;a rounded, knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth.
veiling;the act of covering with or as with a veil.
clean;free from dirt, marks, or stains.
glen;a narrow secluded valley (in the mountains).
angelic;relating to angels.
calving;(of cows and certain other large animals) give birth to a calf (continuous tense).
veil;a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face.
evil;profoundly immoral and malevolent.
venial;denoting a sin that is not regarded as depriving the soul of divine grace.
angle;the space between two lines or planes that intersect.
live;remain living.
linage;direct descent from an ancestor.
calve;(of cows and certain other large animals) give birth to a calf.
lane;a narrow road, especially in a rural area.
lice;small insects that can invest the heads of people (plural).
elan;a combination of style and energetic confidence, especially in performances or manner.
lave;wash one's face and hands.
leaving;the act of departing.
aline;(of a garment) slightly flared from a narrow waist or shoulders.
anvil;a heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped.
vigilance;the action or state of keeping careful watch for possible danger or difficulties.
caviling;make petty or unnecessary objections (continuous tense).
vigil;a purposeful surveillance to guard or observe.
cavil;to raise trivial objections.
venal;showing or motivated by susceptibility to bribery.
genial;agreeable, conducive to comfort.
agile;moving quickly and lightly.
