reap;cut or gather (a crop or harvest).
prey;an animal that is hunted and killed by another for food.
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
repay;pay back (a loan).
rangy;(of a person) tall and slim with long, slender limbs.
rang;past tense of ring.
acre;a unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare).
year;the time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
grace;smoothness and elegance of movement.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
care;the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
caper;skip or dance about in a lively or playful way.
cranny;a small, narrow space or opening.
pear;a sweet yellowish- or brownish-green edible fruit that is typically narrow at the stalk and wider towards the base.
grapey;tasting or smelling of grapes.
pacer;a pacemaker.
angry;feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
racy;lively, entertaining, and typically sexually titillating.
crag;a steep or rugged cliff or rock face.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism (such as the engine of a vehicle) and the speed of the driven parts (the wheels).
yarn;spun thread used for knitting, weaving, or sewing.
pyre;a heap of combustible material, especially one for burning a corpse as part of a funeral ceremony.
pray;to address ones god or deity.
gray;of a colour intermediate between black and white, as of ashes or lead (both spellings accepted).
pregnancy;the period of time during which a fetus grows in the womb of a female.
nacre;also known as mother of pearl, a composite material produced by some molluscs as an inner shell layer.
grape;a berry (typically green, purple, or black) growing in clusters on a vine.
pager;a small radio device, activated from a central point, which emits a series of bleeps or vibrates to inform the wearer that someone wishes to contact them.
yearn;have an intense feeling of longing for something, typically something that one has lost or been separated from.
grey;of a colour intermediate between black and white, as of ashes or lead (both spellings accepted).
nary;non-standard form of not.
crane;a large, tall machine used for moving heavy objects by suspending them from a projecting arm or beam.
payer;a person or organization that gives someone money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
near;at or to a short distance away.
cannery;a factory where food is canned.
gayer;homosexual (comparative adj).
recap;state again as a summary.
napery;household linen, especially tablecloths and napkins.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
rape;forced sex by violence or threats of violence.
carp;a deep-bodied freshwater fish, typically with barbels around the mouth.
race;a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
pare;trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
prance;(of a horse) move with high springy steps.
