into ; expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
anti ; opposed to.
ratio ; the quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or is contained within the other.
train ; teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
martin ; a swift-flying, insectivorous songbird of the swallow family, typically having a less strongly forked tail than a swallow.
tiny ; very small.
atom ; the basic unit of a chemical element.
torn ; past participle of tear.
tony ; fashionable among wealthy or stylish people.
tray ; a flat, shallow container with a raised rim, typically used for carrying food and drink, or for holding small items.
trim ; make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
riot ; a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
troy ; a system of weights used mainly for precious metals and gems, with a pound of 12 ounces or 5,760 grains.
omit ; leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
rota ; a list or roster showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
mint ; a place where money is coined, especially under state authority.
minty ; smelling or tasting of mint
ration ; a fixed amount of a commodity officially allowed to each person during a time of shortage, as in wartime.
trio ; a set or group of three people or things.
mart ; a trade center or market.
tram ; a trolley car.
moat ; a deep, wide ditch surrounding a castle, fort, or town, typically filled with water and intended as a defense against attack.
matron ; a woman in charge of domestic and medical arrangements at a boarding school or other establishment.
notary ; a person authorized to perform certain legal formalities, especially to draw up or certify contracts, deeds, and other documents for use in other jurisdictions.
taro ; a tropical Asian plant of the arum family that has edible starchy corms and edible fleshy leaves.
amity ; a friendly relationship.
iota ; the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet transliterated as 'i'.
tarn ; a mountain lake or pool.
rant ; speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
arty ; making a strong, affected, or pretentious display of being artistic or interested in the arts.
marmot ; a heavily built, gregarious, burrowing rodent of both Eurasia and North America, typically living in mountainous country.
minatory ; expressing or conveying a threat.
tyro ; a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
matrimony ; the state or ceremony of being married.
tiro ; a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
