into;expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
anti;opposed to.
ratio;the quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or is contained within the other.
train;teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
tiny;very small.
atom;the basic unit of a chemical element.
torn;past participle of tear.
tray;a flat, shallow container with a raised rim, typically used for carrying food and drink, or for holding small items.
trim;make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
riot;a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
omit;leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
mint;a place where money is coined, especially under state authority.
minty;smelling or tasting of mint
ration;a fixed amount of a commodity officially allowed to each person during a time of shortage, as in wartime.
trio;a set or group of three people or things.
mart;a trade center or market.
tram;a trolley car.
moat;a deep, wide ditch surrounding a castle, fort, or town, typically filled with water and intended as a defense against attack.
matron;a woman in charge of domestic and medical arrangements at a boarding school or other establishment.
notary;a person authorized to perform certain legal formalities, especially to draw up or certify contracts, deeds, and other documents for use in other jurisdictions.
iota;the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet transliterated as 'i'.
rant;speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
arty;making a strong, affected, or pretentious display of being artistic or interested in the arts.
minatory;expressing or conveying a threat.
oaty;of, like, or containing oats.
matrimony;the state or ceremony of being married.
tiro;a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
tammy;a plain-woven often glazed cloth of fine worsted or woolen and cotton formerly used for dresses, curtains, and linings.
roti;Indian flat round bread cooked on a griddle.
tyro;a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
marmot;a heavily built, gregarious, burrowing rodent of both Eurasia and North America, typically living in mountainous country.
tarn;a mountain lake or pool.
amity;a friendly relationship.
taro;a tropical Asian plant of the arum family that has edible starchy corms and edible fleshy leaves.
rota;a list or roster showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
troy;a system of weights used mainly for precious metals and gems, with a pound of 12 ounces or 5,760 grains.
tony;fashionable among wealthy or stylish people.
martin;a swift-flying, insectivorous songbird of the swallow family, typically having a less strongly forked tail than a swallow.
tory;a member or supporter of the British Conservative Party.
