cosy;giving a feeling of comfort, warmth, and relaxation.
crib;a child's bed with barred or latticed sides.
curt;rudely brief.
tics;a habitual spasmodic contraction of the muscles, most often in the face.
scry;foretell the future using a crystal ball or other reflective object or surface.
courts;a body of people presided over by a judge, judges, or magistrate, and acting as a tribunal in civil and criminal cases (plural).
curio;a rare, unusual, or intriguing object.
rustic;relating to the countryside - rural.
scrub;rub (someone or something) hard so as to clean them, typically with a brush and water.
crusty;having or acting as a hard outer layer or covering.
cist;an ancient coffin or burial chamber made from stone or a hollowed tree.
outcry;an exclamation or shout.
cyst;a thin-walled hollow organ or cavity in an animal or plant, containing a liquid secretion, a sac, vesicle, or bladder.
curb;a check or restraint on something.
scout;a soldier or other person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the enemy's position, strength, or movements.
curs;an aggressive or unkempt dog, especially a mongrel (plural).
cubit;an ancient measure of length, approximately equal to the length of a forearm.
uric;relating to urine.
coitus;sexual intercourse.
otic;relating to the ear.
cubist;artwork where objects are analyzed, broken up and reassembled in an abstracted form—instead of depicting objects from a single viewpoint (adjective).
obscurity;the state of being unknown, inconspicuous, or unimportant.
curios;a rare, unusual, or intriguing object (plural).
cubits;an ancient measure of length, approximately equal to the length of a forearm (plural).
citrus;a tree of a genus that includes citron, lemon, lime, orange, and grapefruit.
cribs;a child's bed with barred or latticed sides (plural).
rictus;a fixed grimace or grin.
cuts;make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
court;a body of people presided over by a judge, judges, or magistrate, and acting as a tribunal in civil and criminal cases.
cubs;the young of a fox, bear, lion, or other carnivorous mammal.
cots;a small bed with high barred sides for a baby or very young child (plural).
scut;the short tail of a hare, rabbit, or deer.
curtsy;a woman's or girl's formal greeting made by bending the knees with one foot in front of the other.
cost;(of an object or action) the payment of a specified sum of money before it can be acquired or done.
cobs;the central cylindrical woody part of the maize ear to which the grains are attached.
citrous;of, relating to, devoted to the production of, or affecting plants or fruit of the genus Citrus (adjective).
scour;clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
crust;the tough outer part of a loaf of bread.
curst;archaic spelling of cursed.
citrusy;having the flavour or smell of lemons, limes, or oranges - tangy, tart, etc.
butyric;acid contained in foods such as butter, ghee, raw milk and parmesan cheese.
curbs;a check or restraint on something (plural).
city;a large town.
stoic;a person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining.
toric;having the form of a torus or part of a torus.
