toes;any of the five digits at the end of the human foot.
yeast;a microscopic fungus used as a fermenting agent, to raise bread dough, and as a food supplement.
spate;a large number of similar things coming in quick succession.
past;gone by in time and no longer existing.
hates;feel intense dislike for (third person).
spent;past and past participle of spend.
python;a large heavy-bodied non-venomous snake, killing prey by constriction and asphyxiation.
hasty;done with excessive speed or urgency.
atones;make amends or reparation (third person).
snot;nasal mucus.
honest;truthful and sincere.
step;an act or movement of putting one leg in front of the other in walking or running.
shanty;a small, crudely built shack.
then;at the time in question.
oats;a species of cereal grain grown for its seed.
pent;(of emotions, energy, etc.) unable to be expressed or released.
they;used to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
ethos;the characteristic spirit of a culture, era, or community as manifested in its attitudes and aspirations.
paths;a way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading (plural).
stope;(in mining) excavate a series of steps or layers in (the ground or rock).
pest;a destructive insect or other animal that attacks crops, food, livestock, etc (plural).
sent;past and past participle of send.
east;the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes.
type;a category of people or things having common characteristics.
than;introducing the second element in a comparison.
heat;to make warm or hot.
pots;a rounded or cylindrical container, typically of metal, used for cooking (plural).
stony;covered with or full of small pieces of rock.
oast;a usually conical kiln used for drying hops, malt, or tobacco.
notes;a brief record of points or ideas written down as an aid to memory (plural).
toys;an object for a child to play with (plural).
panty;legless underpants worn by women and girls.
staph;a group of bacteria that cause many common illnesses.
typos;a typographical error (plural).
host;a person who receives or entertains other people as guests.
septa;plural form of septum.
opts;make a choice from a range of possibilities (third person).
pythons;a large heavy-bodied non-venomous snake, killing prey by constriction and asphyxiation (plural).
spot;a small round or roundish mark, differing in colour or texture from the surface around it.
atone;make amends or reparation.
pant;breathe with short, quick breaths, typically from exertion or excitement.
peat;a brown material consisting of partly decomposed vegetable matter.
oaten;of or relating to oats, oat straw, or oatmeal.
poets;a person who writes poems (plural).
hate;feel intense dislike for.
pants;trousers.
onset;the beginning of something, especially something unpleasant.
haste;excessive speed or urgency of movement or action.
pates;a paste or spread made of puréed or finely chopped liver, meat, fish, game, etc (plural).
post;a long, sturdy piece of timber or metal set upright in the ground and used as a support or marker.
teas;a hot drink made by infusing dried crushed leaves in boiling water (plural).
types;a category of people or things having common characteristics (plural).
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
oaths;a solemn promise, often invoking a divine witness, regarding one's future action or behaviour (plural).
honesty;the quality of being truthful and sincere.
pats;touch quickly and gently with the flat of the hand (plural).
tans;become brown or browner after exposure to the sun (third person).
tapes;a narrow strip of material, typically used to hold or fasten something (plural).
typo;a typographical error.
atop;on the top of.
pate;a paste or spread made of puréed or finely chopped liver, meat, fish, game, etc.
stop;come to an end - cease to happen.
nasty;very bad or unpleasant.
taps;a device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or container can be controlled (plural).
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
ants;a small insect that lives in a complex social colony with one or more breeding queens (plural).
pathos;a quality that evokes pity or sadness.
oath;a solemn promise, often invoking a divine witness, regarding one's future action or behaviour.
shot;the firing of a gun or cannon.
note;a brief record of points or ideas written down as an aid to memory.
nets;a piece of open-meshed material made of twine, cord, or something similar, used typically for catching fish or other animals.
stone;hard solid non-metallic mineral matter of which rock is made, especially as a building material.
tape;a narrow strip of material, typically used to hold or fasten something.
spat;past and past participle of spit.
poet;a person who writes poems.
tones;a musical or vocal sound with reference to its pitch, quality, and strength (plural).
patsy;a person who is easily taken advantage of, especially by being cheated or blamed for something.
tons;a unit of weight equal to 1000 kg (plural).
path;a way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading.
sate;satisfy (a desire or an appetite) to the full.
tansy;a plant of the daisy family with yellow flat-topped button-like flower heads and aromatic leaves, formerly used in cooking and medicine.
those;plural form of that.
stay;remain in the same place.
hats;a shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform (plural).
pets;a domestic or tamed animal kept for companionship or pleasure (plural).
hasten;cause something to happen sooner than it otherwise would.
heats;to make warm or hot (third person).
eats;put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
tens;a group or unit of ten people or things (plural).
seat;a thing made or used for sitting on, such as a chair or stool.
paste;a thick, soft, moist substance typically produced by mixing dry ingredients with a liquid.
tone;a musical or vocal sound with reference to its pitch, quality, and strength.
tony;fashionable among wealthy or stylish people.
pasty;a folded pastry case with a savoury filling, typically of seasoned meat and vegetables.
antes;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards (plural).
stye;an inflamed swelling on the edge of an eyelid, caused by bacterial infection of the gland at the base of an eyelash.
pantyhose;women's thin nylon tights.
peaty;of, pertaining to, resembling, or containing the substance peat.
nest;a structure or place made or chosen by a bird for laying eggs and sheltering its young.
tops;exceed an amount, level, or number (third person).
pesto;a sauce typically made with basil, pine nuts, olive oil, and grated Parmesan.
potash;an alkaline potassium compound, especially potassium carbonate or hydroxide.
teapoy;a small three-legged table or stand, especially one that holds a tea caddy.
stoa;a classical portico or roofed colonnade.
