relish;great enjoyment.
piers;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat (plural).
spiel;an elaborate or glib speech or story, typically one used by a salesperson.
perils;serious and immediate danger (plural).
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
sniper;a person who shoots from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
inhere;exist essentially or permanently in.
sine;the trigonometric function.
plies;to carry on, pursue, or work at a job or trade. Also to manipulate or wield a tool (third person).
pier;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
pies;a baked dish of fruit, or meat and vegetables, typically with a top and base of pastry (plural).
herein;in this document or book.
siren;a device that makes a loud prolonged signal or warning sound.
relies;depend on with full trust or confidence (third person).
prise;use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something) (third person).
liner;a large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line.
spline;a thin narrow strip made of wood, metal, or plastic fitted into a groove in the edge of a board, tile, etc, to connect it to another.
lien;a right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
perish;die, especially in a violent or sudden way.
ripen;become or make ripe.
lire;(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of Italy. Also the basic monetary unit of Turkey (plural).
peril;serious and immediate danger.
penis;the male genital organ.
penile;relating to or affecting the male genital organ.
pries;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs (third person).
rips;tear or pull (something) quickly or forcibly away from something or someone (third person).
lines;a long, narrow mark or band (plural).
pilsner;a lager beer with a strong hop flavour.
pins;very small thin pointed pieces of metal (plural).
hire;employ (someone) for wages.
heir;a person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
snip;cut (something) with scissors or shears, typically with small quick strokes.
spine;a series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the small of the back.
snipe;shoot at someone from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
senile;(of a person) having or showing the weaknesses or diseases of old age, especially a loss of mental faculties.
lips;the two fleshy parts which form the upper and lower edges of the opening of the mouth.
nips;bite or pinch sharply.
pliers;pincers with parallel, flat, and typically serrated surfaces, used chiefly for gripping small objects or bending wire.
hips;a projection of the pelvis and upper thigh bone on each side of the body in human beings and quadrupeds (plural).
ripens;become or make ripe.
heirs;a person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death (plural).
shine;(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
pines;an evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves (plural).
rise;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up.
replies;say something in response to something someone has said (third person).
shiner;a thing that shines or reflects light.
pile;a heap of things laid or lying one on top of another.
piles;a heap of things laid or lying one on top of another (plural).
pine;an evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves.
lisp;a speech defect which affects the pronunciation of s.
risen;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up (past tense).
reins;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving (plural).
leis;a wreath of flowers and leaves, generally worn about the neck (plural).
hies;go quickly.
liners;a large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line (plural).
slip;lose one's footing and slide unintentionally for a short distance.
shire;a county, especially in England, or any of the former districts or regions in Great Britain.
rinse;wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
hires;employ (someone) for wages (third person).
inheres;exist essentially or permanently in (third person).
shin;the front of the leg below the knee.
resin;a sticky flammable organic substance, insoluble in water, exuded by some trees and other plants (notably fir and pine).
replenish;fill (something) up again.
spire;a tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, typically a church tower.
rile;make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
line;a long, narrow mark or band.
riles;make (someone) annoyed or irritated (third person).
sire;the male parent of an animal, especially a stallion or bull kept for breeding.
spin;turn or cause to turn or whirl round quickly.
ship;a large boat for transporting people or goods by sea.
isle;an island or peninsula, especially a small one.
ripe;(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
piler;one whose work is piling materials or products for storage, transportation, or processing.
lies;be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface (third person).
liens;a right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged (plural).
shrine;a place regarded as holy because of its associations with a divinity or a sacred person or relic.
pilers;one whose work is piling materials or products for storage, transportation, or processing (plural).
resile;someone or something that withdraws from an agreement or retracts from a stated position.
reship;place on a ship again or transfer to another ship.
