groan;make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
mean;intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing).
wane;(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
gone;past participle of go.
roar;a full, deep, prolonged cry uttered by a lion or other large wild animal.
wager;the money risked on a gamble.
rang;past tense of ring.
wagon;a vehicle used for transporting goods or another specified purpose.
mown;cut down (grass) with a machine (past tense).
norm;something that is usual, typical, or standard.
wagoner;the driver of a wagon.
marrow;the fatty network of connective tissue that fills the cavities of bones.
mower;a machine used for cutting grass.
organ;a differentiated structure consisting of cells and tissues and performing some specific function in the body.
grow;become larger, greater, or bigger.
moan;a long, low sound made by a person expressing physical or mental suffering.
worn;past participle of wear.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
namer;a person who gives a name or names.
name;a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts.
wage;a fixed regular payment earned for work or services, typically paid on a daily or weekly basis.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
mange;a skin disease of mammals caused by parasitic mites and occasionally communicable to humans.
anew;in a new or different and typically more positive way.
garner;gather or collect something, especially information or support.
arrow;a weapon consisting of a thin, straight stick with a sharp point, designed to be shot from a bow.
amen;uttered at the end of a prayer or hymn, meaning ‘so be it’.
mane;a growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other mammal.
rower;someone who rows a boat.
near;at or to a short distance away.
ream;500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper.
game;a form of competitive activity or sport played according to rules.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
roamer;someone who leads a wandering unsettled life.
groaner;a person who groans.
monger;someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold.
gore;the shedding of blood resulting in murder.
ogre;(folklore) a giant who likes to eat human beings.
grew;past of grow.
enamor;be filled with love for.
warn;inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
roan;denoting an animal, especially a horse or cow, having a coat of a main colour thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour.
rearm;arm again.
warmer;device that heats water or supplies warmth to a room.
warm;of or at a fairly or comfortably high temperature.
rare;(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
roman;(of type) of a plain upright kind used in ordinary print, especially as distinguished from italic and Gothic.
orange;a large round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind.
mango;a fleshy, oval, yellowish-red tropical fruit that is eaten ripe or used green for pickles or chutneys.
rear;the back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
goer;someone who leaves.
rawer;(of food) not cooked (comparative adj).
mage;a magician or learned person.
wore;past and past participle of wear.
roger;your message has been received (used in radio communication).
ramen;quick-cooking noodles, typically served in a broth with meat and vegetables.
rowan;a tree with a silvery trunk that has red berries in autumn and is the most widely planted ash tree.
argon;an inert gaseous element of the noble gas group.
manger;a long trough from which horses or cattle feed.
morn;literary term for morning.
worm;any of a number of creeping or burrowing invertebrate animals with long, slender soft bodies and no limbs.
ware;pottery, typically that of a specified type.
omega;the last letter of the Greek alphabet.
ergo;(used as a sentence connector) therefore or consequently.
wear;have (something) on one's body as clothing, decoration, or protection.
wren;a small short-winged songbird.
regrow;grow anew or continue growth after an injury or interruption.
warmonger;a person who encourages or advocates aggression towards other countries or groups.
reran;to run again (past tense).
gamer;a person who plays video games or participates in role-playing games.
more;a greater or additional amount or degree.
gram;a metric unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
roam;move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
gown;outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions.
owner;a person who owns something.
ranger;a keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside.
wean;accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
omen;an event regarded as a portent of good or evil.
germ;a microorganism, especially one which causes disease.
woman;an adult human female.
warren;a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
narrow;limited in size or scope.
grown;(of animals) fully developed.
mare;the female of a horse or other equine animal.
wrong;not correct.
moaner;a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining.
manor;a large country house with lands.
among;situated more or less centrally in relation to (several other things).
women;an adult human female (plural).
meow;the characteristic crying sound of a cat.
gnaw;bite or chew on with the teeth.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
armor;protective covering made of metal and used in combat (US spelling).
wronger;not correct (comparative adj).
goner;a person or thing that is doomed or cannot be saved.
grower;a person who grows a particular type of crop.
aeon;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
gnawer;any of various small mammals having a single pair of constantly growing incisor teeth.
gnome;a legendary dwarfish creature supposed to guard the earth's treasures underground.
