organ;a differentiated structure consisting of cells and tissues and performing some specific function in the body.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
tang;a strong taste, flavour, or smell.
grant;agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
grate;reduce (food) to small shreds (verb).
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
ergo;(used as a sentence connector) therefore or consequently.
outage;a period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
groan;make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
greet;give a polite word of recognition or sign of welcome when meeting (someone).
goat;any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns.
rung;a horizontal support on a ladder for a person's foot.
outrage;a feeling of righteous anger.
urge;try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
urgent;requiring immediate action or attention.
tango;a ballroom dance of Latin-American origin.
gore;the shedding of blood resulting in murder.
range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
goner;a person or thing that is doomed or cannot be saved.
toga;a loose flowing outer garment worn by the citizens of ancient Rome.
goer;someone who leaves.
gene;a unit of heredity which is transferred from a parent to offspring and is held to determine some characteristic of the offspring.
enrage;put into a great anger.
nougat;a sweet made from sugar or honey, nuts, and egg white.
gnat;a small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito.
argue;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
tongue;a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in the oral cavity.
gout;a disease in which defective metabolism of uric acid causes arthritis.
gate;a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge.
rang;past tense of ring.
negate;make ineffective - nullify.
agent;a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
rogue;a dishonest or unprincipled man.
argent;the heraldic color silver or white.
grunt;(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
great;of an extent, amount, or intensity considerably above average.
grout;a thin mortar that can be poured and used to fill cracks in masonry or brickwork.
goatee;a small chin beard trimmed to a point.
genre;a style or category of art, music, or literature.
gone;past participle of go.
green;of the color between blue and yellow in the color spectrum.
ragout;a highly seasoned dish of small pieces of meat stewed with vegetables.
eager;having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.
untag;remove a tag identifying a person from (digital content, typically a photograph) on a social networking site.
agree;to achieve harmony of opinion, feeling, or purpose.
grantee;a recipient of a grant.
regent;someone who rules during the absence or incapacity or minority of the country's monarch.
ogre;(folklore) a giant who likes to eat human beings.
argot;a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves).
rouge;makeup consisting of a pink or red powder applied to the cheeks.
orange;a large round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind.
entourage;a group of people attending or surrounding an important person.
trug;a shallow oblong basket made of strips of wood, traditionally used for carrying garden flowers and produce.
genera;plural form of genus.
uneager;lacking interest or spirit or animation.
reagent;a chemical agent for use in chemical reactions.
argon;an inert gaseous element of the noble gas group.
egret;a heron with mainly white plumage, having long plumes in the breeding season.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts.
auger;a tool resembling a large corkscrew, for boring holes in wood.
garnet;a precious stone consisting of a deep red vitreous silicate mineral.
gaunt;(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age.
gent;a gentleman.
ague;malaria or another illness involving fever and shivering.
gurn;pull a grotesque face.
gaunter;(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age (comparative adj).
guano;the excrement of seabirds and bats, used as fertilizer.
