barn;a large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
carbon;the chemical element which occurs in impure form in charcoal, soot, and coal.
burn;(of a fire) flame or glow while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
bail;the temporary release of an accused person awaiting trial, sometimes on condition that a sum of money is lodged to guarantee their appearance in court.
binocular;adapted for or using both eyes.
labour;work, especially physical work (both spellings accepted).
unbar;remove the bars from (a gate or door).
albino;a person or animal having a congenital absence of pigment in the skin and hair.
labor;work, especially physical work (both spellings accepted).
crab;a crustacean, found chiefly on seashores, with a broad carapace, stalked eyes, and five pairs of legs, the first pair of which are modified as pincers.
caribou;a large gregarious deer that usually has palmate antlers in both sexes - also called reindeer.
crib;a child's bed with barred or latticed sides.
bacon;cured meat from the back or sides of a pig.
bloc;a temporary combination of parties in a legislative assembly.
cobra;a highly venomous African or Asian snake that spreads the skin of its neck into a hood when disturbed.
broil;to be subjected to great or oppressive heat.
robin;a small thrush related to the chats, typically having a brown back with red on the breast or other colourful markings.
boil;(with reference to a liquid) reach or cause to reach the temperature at which it bubbles and turns to vapour.
blur;make or become unclear or less distinct.
burial;the action or practice of burying a dead body.
cabin;a private room or compartment on a ship.
born;existing as a result of birth.
club;an association dedicated to a particular interest or activity.
curb;a check or restraint on something.
bran;pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
brain;an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
urban;in, relating to, or characteristic of a town or city.
baron;a member of the lowest order of the British nobility OR an important or powerful person in a specified business or industry.
boar;a tusked wild pig from which domestic pigs are descended.
