prove;demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
tied;fastened or attached with string or similar cord.
rope;a length of thick strong cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, sisal, nylon, or similar material.
drop;let or make (something) fall vertically.
toner;an astringent liquid applied to the skin to reduce oiliness and improve its condition.
dent;a depression scratched or carved into a surface.
redip;to dip again.
node;a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
rioted;take part in a violent public disturbance (past tense).
pride;a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements.
void;containing nothing.
trip;an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall.
driven;strongly motivated to succeed.
pointed;having a sharpened or tapered tip or end.
vendor;someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money.
tide;the alternate rising and falling of the sea.
invert;turn inside out or upside down.
drone;make a continuous low humming sound.
proven;demonstrated by evidence or argument to be true or existing.
over;beyond the top or upper surface or edge.
toed;push, touch, or kick with one's toe.
point;sharp end of an object.
veto;a vote that blocks a decision.
roved;travel constantly without a fixed destination (past tense).
pore;a minute opening in a surface, especially the skin.
trod;past and past participle of tread.
inter;place (a corpse) in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
ported;carry or convey (past tense).
voted;give or register a vote (past tense).
tore;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force (past tense).
tired;in need of sleep or rest.
rodent;a gnawing mammal distinguished by strong constantly growing incisors and no canine teeth.
rote;memorization by repetition.
pert;(of a young woman) attractively lively or cheeky.
divot;a piece of turf dug out of a lawn or fairway (by an animals hooves or a golf club).
vote;a formal indication of a choice between two or more candidates or courses of action.
toned;having or distinguished by a tone.
pored;be absorbed in reading or studying (something) (past tense).
pined;suffer a mental and physical decline, especially because of a broken heart (past tense).
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
trio;a set or group of three people or things.
drip;be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
pent;(of emotions, energy, etc.) unable to be expressed or released.
edit;prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
tine;a prong or sharp point, such as that on a fork or antler.
vine;a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family.
diner;a person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant.
doer;the person who does something.
rend;tear (something) into pieces.
nitre;potassium nitrate (saltpetre) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive (both spellings accepted).
open;allowing access, passage, or a view through an empty space.
depot;a place for the storage of large quantities of equipment, food, or goods.
tried;tested and proved to be reliable.
tire;feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
tepid;(especially of a liquid) only slightly warm.
vend;offer (small items) for sale, either from a stall or from a slot machine.
video;the recording of moving visual images.
viper;a venomous snake.
printed;of or relating to something written or published.
rind;the tough outer skin of certain fruit, especially citrus fruit.
deport;expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
nope;informal variant of no.
riven;split or torn apart violently (adj).
trove;a treasure of unknown ownership found hidden , usually in the earth.
voter;a citizen who has a legal right to vote.
dove;any of numerous small pigeons.
vent;an opening that allows air, gas, or liquid to pass out of or into a confined space.
noted;worthy of notice or attention.
rent;a tenant's regular payment to a landlord for the use of property or land.
pried;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs.
drove;past of drive.
nerd;a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious.
iron;a strong, hard magnetic silvery-grey metal.
torn;past participle of tear.
tenor;a singing voice between baritone and alto, the highest of the ordinary adult male range.
drive;operate and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
diver;someone who works underwater.
ironed;(of linens or clothes) smoothed with a hot iron.
inert;slow and apathetic.
pint;a unit of liquid or dry capacity equal to one eighth of a gallon.
proved;established beyond doubt.
pivot;axis consisting of a short shaft that supports something that turns.
tonier;fashionable among wealthy or stylish people (comparative adj).
tier;each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other.
pied;having two or more different colours.
dive;plunge head first into water with one's arms raised over one's head.
overt;done or shown openly.
rite;a religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
opted;make a choice from a range of possibilities (past tense).
diet;the kinds of food that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
dopier;stupefied by sleep or a drug (comparative adj).
repot;put in a new, usually larger, pot.
pointer;an indicator as on a dial.
dote;be extremely and uncritically fond of.
nevi;a birthmark or a mole on the skin, especially a birthmark in the form of a raised red patch (plural) (both spellings accepted).
rivet;ornament consisting of a circular rounded protuberance (as on a vault or shield or belt).
riot;a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
provide;give something useful or necessary to.
ponder;reflect deeply on a subject.
voider;an official who can invalidate or nullify.
period;an amount of time.
inept;having or showing no skill.
dope;a drug taken illegally.
rove;move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment.
ripen;become or make ripe.
trope;language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense.
dirt;a substance, such as mud or dust, that soils someone or something.
vied;compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something (past tense).
note;a brief record of points or ideas written down as an aid to memory.
pine;an evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves.
roped;catch, fasten, or secure with rope (past tense).
print;reproduce by printing.
done;past participle of do.
tone;a musical or vocal sound with reference to its pitch, quality, and strength.
tend;have a tendency or disposition to do or be something.
vein;any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart.
rode;past of ride.
redo;do (something) again or differently.
repoint;repair the joints of bricks.
oven;an enclosed compartment, usually part of a cooker, for cooking and heating food.
poet;a person who writes poems.
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
tinder;material for starting a fire.
trepid;timid by nature or revealing timidity.
pivoted;turn on a central point (past tense).
protein;a substance found in food and drink such as meat, eggs, and milk.
opined;hold and state as one's opinion (past tense).
editor;a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication.
provident;making or indicative of timely preparation for the future.
prod;poke with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
rive;separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument.
opine;hold and state as one's opinion.
into;expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
dine;eat dinner.
pier;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
roti;Indian flat round bread cooked on a griddle.
pone;corn bread in the form of small, oval loaves.
tripod;a three-legged stand for supporting a camera or other apparatus.
port;sweet dark-red dessert wine originally from Portugal
orient;determine one's position with reference to another point.
pond;a small body of still water formed naturally or by artificial means.
peon;a laborer who is obliged to do menial work.
trend;the popular taste at a given time.
ripe;(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
divert;cause (someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another.
prone;likely or liable to suffer from.
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
niter;potassium nitrate (saltpetre) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive (both spellings accepted).
dint;a dent or hollow in a surface.
torpid;mentally or physically inactive.
tiro;a beginner or novice (alternate spelling also accepted).
tern;small slender gull having narrow wings and a forked tail.
tripe;the first or second stomach of a cow or other ruminant used as food.
prion;(microbiology) an infectious protein particle similar to a virus but lacking nucleic acid.
ovine;relating to or resembling sheep.
portend;indicate by signs.
tern;any of numerous aquatic birds of a subfamily related to the gulls but usually having a more slender body.
