chit;a short official note, typically recording a sum owed.
stir;move a spoon round and round in a liquid.
chute;a sloping channel or slide for conveying things to a lower level.
rite;a religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
suit;a set of outer clothes made of the same fabric and designed to be worn together, typically consisting of a jacket and trousers or a jacket and skirt.
rites;a religious or other solemn ceremony or act (plural).
ethics;moral principles that govern a person's behaviour or the conducting of an activity.
true;in accordance with fact or reality.
ruts;a long deep track made by the repeated passage of the wheels of vehicles (plural).
their;belonging to or associated with the people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
truce;an agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting or arguing for a certain time.
hurt;cause pain or injury to.
rustic;relating to the countryside - rural.
site;an area of ground on which a town, building, or monument is constructed.
cite;refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
rictus;a fixed grimace or grin.
truces;an agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting or arguing for a certain time (plural).
hurts;cause pain or injury to (third person).
cist;an ancient coffin or burial chamber made from stone or a hollowed tree.
tics;a habitual spasmodic contraction of the muscles, most often in the face.
cities;a large town (plural).
huts;a small, simple, single-storey house or shelter (plural).
suet;the hard white fat on the kidneys and loins of cattle, sheep, and other animals, used to make foods such as puddings, pastry, and mincemeat.
etch;engrave metal, glass, or stone.
tries;make an attempt or effort to do something (plural).
trues;bring (an object, wheel, or other construction) into the exact shape or position required (third person).
curt;rudely brief.
scut;the short tail of a hare, rabbit, or deer.
iciest;covered with or consisting of ice (superlative adj).
shut;move (something) into position so as to close an opening.
cuter;attractive in a pretty or endearing way (comparative adj).
ties;attach or fasten with string or similar cord (third person).
itchier;an uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch (comparative adj).
rest;cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
uteri;the organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth (plural).
ethic;an idea or moral belief that influences the behaviour, attitudes, and philosophy of a group of people.
heist;a robbery.
cruets;a small container or set of containers for salt, pepper, oil, or vinegar for use at a dining table (plural).
heuristic;enabling a person to discover or learn something for themselves.
tire;feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
hits;bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully (third person).
chits;a short official note, typically recording a sum owed (plural).
crest;a comb or tuft of feathers, fur, or skin on the head of a bird or other animal.
suite;a set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.
chutes;a sloping channel or slide for conveying things to a lower level (plural).
cutis;the vertebrate skin, including both of its layers, the dermis and the epidermis.
curst;archaic spelling of cursed.
rust;a reddish- or yellowish-brown flaking coating of iron oxide that is formed on iron or steel by oxidation, especially in the presence of moisture.
retch;make the sound and movement of vomiting.
thrice;three times.
tush;expressing disapproval, impatience, or dismissal.
hirsute;hairy.
itches;an uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch (plural).
richest;having a great deal of money or assets (superlative adj).
cites;refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work (third person).
uretic;of or relating to the urine
tires;feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep (third person).
shirt;a garment for the upper body.
this;used to identify a specific person or thing close at hand or being indicated or experienced.
sect;a group of people with somewhat different religious beliefs from those of a larger group to which they belong.
tiers;each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other (plural).
theirs;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with two or more people or things previously mentioned.
crust;the tough outer part of a loaf of bread.
chest;the front surface of a person's or animal's body between the neck and the stomach.
cuts;make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
cute;attractive in a pretty or endearing way.
itch;an uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch.
citrus;a tree of a genus that includes citron, lemon, lime, orange, and grapefruit.
tier;each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other.
recuts;remove further or different material from (a film or screenplay) (third person).
cruet;a small container or set of containers for salt, pepper, oil, or vinegar for use at a dining table.
trice;in a moment.
thus;as a result or consequence of.
recut;remove further or different material from (a film or screenplay).
cutie;a person regarded as appealing or attractive.
cuties;a person regarded as appealing or attractive (plural).
