ripen;become or make ripe.
sired;be the male parent of (an animal).
nerd;a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious.
rile;make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
ripe;(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
pride;a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements, the achievements of one's close associates, or from qualities or possessions that are widely admired.
slider;a knob or lever which is moved horizontally or vertically to control a variable, such as the volume of a radio.
rinds;the tough outer skin of certain fruit, especially citrus fruit (plural).
liners;a large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line (plural).
diner;a person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant.
linker;a thing which links other things.
peril;serious and immediate danger.
pliers;pincers with parallel, flat, and typically serrated surfaces, used chiefly for gripping small objects or bending wire.
nerds;a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious (plural).
rinks;an enclosed area of ice for skating, ice hockey, or curling (plural).
perks;become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting (third person).
idler;a person who avoids work or spends time in an aimless or lazy way.
rends;tear (something) into pieces (third person).
drip;be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
pries;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs (third person).
rink;an enclosed area of ice for skating, ice hockey, or curling.
lire;(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of Italy. Also the basic monetary unit of Turkey (plural).
perk;become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting.
riled;make (someone) annoyed or irritated (past tense).
dirk;a short dagger of a kind formerly carried by Scottish Highlanders.
reins;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving (plural).
piker;a gambler who makes only small bets.
risen;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up (past tense).
drink;take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow.
sprinkled;cover (an object or surface) with small drops or particles of a substance (past tense).
spire;a tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, typically a church tower.
reds;red colour or pigment (plural).
ripens;become or make ripe.
risk;a situation involving exposure to danger.
irked;irritated and annoyed.
redskin;an American Indian.
pikers;a gambler who makes only small bets (plural).
prised;use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something) (past tense).
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
pried;enquire too inquisitively into a person's private affairs (past tense).
pinker;of a colour intermediate between red and white, as of coral or salmon (comparative adj).
risked;expose (someone or something valued) to danger, harm, or loss.
sire;the male parent of an animal, especially a stallion or bull kept for breeding.
irks;irritate an annoy (third person).
pier;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
kinder;having or showing a friendly, generous, and considerate nature (comparative adj).
drips;be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid (third person).
sprinkle;cover (an object or surface) with small drops or particles of a substance.
rise;move from a lower position to a higher one - come or go up.
skier;a person who skis.
redip;to dip again.
riles;make (someone) annoyed or irritated (third person).
perils;serious and immediate danger (plural).
rides;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse) (third person).
piler;one whose work is piling materials or products for storage, transportation, or processing.
rinse;wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
dirks;a short dagger of a kind formerly carried by Scottish Highlanders (plural).
siren;a device that makes a loud prolonged signal or warning sound.
redips;to dip again (third person).
piers;a platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat (plural).
rind;the tough outer skin of certain fruit, especially citrus fruit.
liner;a large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line.
prides;a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements, the achievements of one's close associates, or from qualities or possessions that are widely admired (plural).
relink;to link or connect again.
idlers;a person who avoids work or spends time in an aimless or lazy way (plural).
sinker;a weight used to sink a fishing line or sounding line.
linkers;a thing which links other things (plural).
relinks;to link or connect again (third person).
prise;use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something) (third person).
rips;tear or pull (something) quickly or forcibly away from something or someone (third person).
reink;to apply ink to (something) again.
rend;tear (something) into pieces.
resin;a sticky flammable organic substance, insoluble in water, exuded by some trees and other plants (notably fir and pine).
rids;make someone or something free of (an unwanted person or thing) (third person).
pilers;one whose work is piling materials or products for storage, transportation, or processing (plural).
sniper;a person who shoots from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
rinsed;wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities (past tense).
reinks;to apply ink to (something) again (third person).
snider;derogatory or mocking in an indirect way (comparative adj).
drinks;take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow (third person).
dries;become dry.
reps;a representative (plural).
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
spider;an eight-legged predatory arachnid with an unsegmented body consisting of a fused head and thorax and a rounded abdomen.
diners;a person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant (plural).
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
pilsner;a lager beer with a strong hop flavour.
kris;a Malay or Indonesian dagger with a wavy-edged blade.
