range;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
ages;to become old (third person).
rages;violent uncontrollable anger (plural).
argues;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view (third person).
grades;a particular level of rank, quality, proficiency, or value (plural).
roan;denoting an animal, especially a horse or cow, having a coat of a main colour thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour.
near;at or to a short distance away.
argon;an inert gaseous element of the noble gas group.
oranges;a large round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind (plural).
angers;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
goads;provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction (third person).
dares;have the courage to do something.
adorns;make more beautiful or attractive (third person).
aroused;evoke or awaken (a feeling, emotion, or response) (past tense).
groan;make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
grade;a particular level of rank, quality, proficiency, or value.
around;located or situated on every side.
adorn;make more beautiful or attractive.
snag;an unexpected or hidden obstacle or drawback.
arouse;evoke or awaken (a feeling, emotion, or response).
auger;a tool resembling a large corkscrew, for boring holes in wood.
gardens;a piece of ground adjoining a house, used for growing flowers, fruit, or vegetables (plural).
sundae;a dish of ice cream with added ingredients such as fruit, nuts, and syrup.
anodes;the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device (plural).
aged;having lived for a specified length of time.
rang;past tense of ring.
usage;the action of using something or the fact of being used.
gander;a male goose.
unread;(of a book or document) not read.
gear;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts.
asunder;apart.
gran;an informal shortened form for grandmother.
road;a wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
sonar;a system for the detection of objects by emitting sound pulses and detecting or measuring their return after being reflected.
earn;obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
sedan;a car for four or more people.
roads;a wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use (plural).
argue;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
dear;regarded with deep affection.
raged;feel or express violent uncontrollable anger.
arose;past of arise.
sera;plural form of serum.
sago;edible starch that is obtained from a palm and is a staple food in parts of the tropics.
danger;the possibility of suffering harm or injury.
ganders;a male goose (plural).
rage;violent uncontrollable anger.
sand;a loose granular substance forming a major constituent of beaches, river beds, the seabed, and deserts.
ares;a metric unit of measurement, equal to 100 square metres (plural).
organs;a differentiated structure consisting of cells and tissues and performing some specific function in the body (plural).
adore;love and respect (someone) deeply.
guano;the excrement of seabirds and bats, used as fertilizer.
roans;denoting an animal, especially a horse or cow, having a coat of a main colour thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour (plural).
snared;catch (a bird or mammal) in a snare.
dragon;a mythical monster like a giant reptile.
gonads;an organ that produces gametes (plural).
argued;give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view (past tense).
organ;a differentiated structure consisting of cells and tissues and performing some specific function in the body.
ranged;vary or extend between specified limits.
adores;love and respect (someone) deeply (third person).
dangers;the possibility of suffering harm or injury (plural).
soared;fly or rise high in the air (past tense).
oared;rowed.
nags;harass (someone) constantly to do something that they are averse to (third person).
saner;(of a person) of sound mind (comparative adj).
deans;the head of a university faculty or department or of a medical school (plural).
earns;obtain (money) in return for labour or services (third person).
augers;a tool resembling a large corkscrew, for boring holes in wood (plural).
sage;an aromatic plant whose greyish-green leaves are used as a culinary herb, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean.
anode;the positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device.
sarong;a garment consisting of a long piece of cloth worn wrapped round the body and tucked at the waist or under the armpits.
urea;a colourless crystalline compound which is the main nitrogenous breakdown product of protein metabolism in mammals and is excreted in urine.
guard;watch over in order to protect or control.
sugared;sweeten, sprinkle, or coat with sugar.
rags;a piece of old cloth (plural).
sang;past of sing.
soda;carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate).
gads;go from place to place in the pursuit of pleasure (third person).
sander;a power tool used for smoothing a surface with sandpaper or other abrasive material.
goad;provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction.
dosage;the size or frequency of a dose of a medicine or drug.
sane;(of a person) of sound mind.
anger;a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
aeon;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
dragons;a mythical monster like a giant reptile (plural).
radon;a rare radioactive gas belonging to the noble gas series.
eras;a long and distinct period of history (plural).
oars;a pole with a flat blade, used to row or steer a boat through the water (plural).
ears;the organ of hearing and balance in humans and other vertebrates.
dangerous;able or likely to cause harm or injury.
gears;a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism and the speed of the driven parts (plural).
groaned;make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc (past tense).
dare;have the courage to do something.
arson;the criminal act of deliberately setting fire to property.
read;look at and comprehend the meaning of written text by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
guards;watch over in order to protect or control (third person).
groans;make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc (third person).
soar;fly or rise high in the air.
reason;a cause, explanation, or justification for an action or event.
anus;the opening at the end of the alimentary canal through which solid waste matter leaves the body.
orange;a large round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind.
sugar;a sweet crystalline substance obtained from various plants.
aground;(with reference to a ship) in a stranded condition or state.
aeons;an indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect (plural) (both possible spellings accepted).
drags;pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty (third person).
dears;used as an affectionate or friendly form of address (plural).
grand;magnificent and imposing in appearance, size, or style.
drag;pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
snare;a trap for catching birds or mammals, typically one having a noose of wire or cord.
ague;malaria or another illness involving fever and shivering.
gonad;an organ that produces gametes.
darn;mend (a hole in knitted material) by interweaving yarn with a needle.
nears;approach.
ranges;the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale (plural).
sager;proceeding from or characterized by wisdom, prudence, and good judgment (comparative adj).
darns;mend (a hole in knitted material) by interweaving yarn with a needle (third person).
dean;the head of a university faculty or department or of a medical school.
garden;a piece of ground adjoining a house, used for growing flowers, fruit, or vegetables.
reads;look at and comprehend the meaning of written text by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed (third person).
sear;burn or scorch the surface of (something) with a sudden, intense heat.
agues;malaria or another illness involving fever and shivering (plural).
rand;the basic monetary unit of South Africa.
gouda;a flat round cheese with a yellow rind.
rands;the basic monetary unit of South Africa (plural).
unaged;not subjected to an aging process.
ragu;a sauce typically made with minced meat, onions, tomato puree, and red wine, and served with pasta.
