tunas;a large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish (plural).
aunts;the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle (plural).
nubs;the crux or central point of a matter (plural).
cues;a thing said or done that serves as a signal to an actor or other performer to enter or to begin their speech or performance (plural).
stun;knock unconscious or into a semi-conscious state.
juts;extend out, over, or beyond the main body or line of something.
tuba;a large brass wind instrument of bass pitch, with three to six valves and a broad bell typically facing upwards.
acutes;a mark placed over certain letters in some languages to indicate a feature such as altered sound quality (plural).
jute;the glossy fiber of a tropical plant, used for making twine and rope or woven into sacking or matting.
suet;the hard white fat on the kidneys and loins of cattle, sheep, and other animals, used to make foods such as puddings, pastry, and mincemeat.
jaunt;a short excursion or journey made for pleasure.
buts;an argument against something - an objection (plural).
subject;a person or thing that is being discussed, described, or dealt with.
scuba;an aqualung.
scut;the short tail of a hare, rabbit, or deer.
tunes;a melody, especially one which characterizes a certain piece of music (plural).
saute;fried quickly in a little hot fat.
unset;(of a jewel) not yet placed in a setting - unmounted.
snub;rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully.
tubas;a large brass wind instrument of bass pitch, with three to six valves and a broad bell typically facing upwards (plural).
bust;a woman's chest as measured around her breasts.
cute;attractive in a pretty or endearing way.
aunt;the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.
stub;the truncated remnant of a pencil, cigarette, or similar-shaped object after use.
acute;(of an unpleasant or unwelcome situation or phenomenon) present or experienced to a severe or intense degree.
butane;a flammable hydrocarbon gas of the alkane series, present in petroleum and natural gas. It is used in bottled form as a fuel.
tune;a melody, especially one which characterizes a certain piece of music.
bunts;(of a batter) gently tap (a pitched ball) without swinging in an attempt to make it more difficult to field (third person).
abut;(of a building or an area of land) be next to or have a common boundary with.
cause;a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
abuts;(of a building or an area of land) be next to or have a common boundary with (third person).
tubes;a long, hollow cylinder of metal, plastic, glass, etc. for holding or transporting something, chiefly liquids or gases (plural).
cuts;make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
nuts;a fruit consisting of a hard or tough shell around an edible kernel (plural).
just;based on or behaving according to what is morally right and fair.
bunt;(of a batter) gently tap (a pitched ball) without swinging in an attempt to make it more difficult to field.
tube;a long, hollow cylinder of metal, plastic, glass, etc. for holding or transporting something, chiefly liquids or gases.
buns;a small cake, typically containing dried fruit (plural).
cube;a symmetrical three-dimensional shape, either solid or hollow, contained by six equal squares.
jaunts;a short excursion or journey made for pleasure (plural).
subjacent;situated below something else.
unseat;cause (someone) to fall from a horse or bicycle.
juntas;a military or political group that rules a country after taking power by force (plural).
anus;the opening at the end of the alimentary canal through which solid waste matter leaves the body.
tuns;a large beer or wine cask.
junta;a military or political group that rules a country after taking power by force.
abuse;use (something) to bad effect or for a bad purpose.
cubes;a symmetrical three-dimensional shape, either solid or hollow, contained by six equal squares (plural).
tuna;a large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish.
cubs;the young of a fox, bear, lion, or other carnivorous mammal.
tubs;a wide, open, deep, typically round container with a flat bottom used for holding liquids, growing plants, etc (plural).
sauce;a liquid or semi-liquid substance served with food to add moistness and flavour.
nutcase;someone who behaves in an extremely foolish way.
