irate;feeling or showing extreme anger.
teary;full of tears.
attire;clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion.
rent;a tenant's regular payment to a landlord for the use of property or land.
tent;a portable shelter made of cloth, supported by one or more poles.
tare;the weight of a vehicle without its cargo, passengers, etc.
pity;the feeling of sorrow and compassion caused by the sufferings and misfortunes of others.
train;teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
trait;a distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person.
taper;diminish gradually.
trip;an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall.
tray;a flat, shallow container with a raised rim, typically used for carrying food and drink, or for holding small items.
entry;an act of going or coming in.
parent;a person's father or mother.
petty;of little importance.
tyrant;a cruel and oppressive ruler.
patty;small flat mass of chopped food.
tire;feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
tine;a prong or sharp point, such as that on a fork or antler.
yeti;a large hairy creature resembling a human or bear, said to live in the highest part of the Himalayas.
neat;arranged in a tidy way - in good order.
paint;a coloured substance which is spread over a surface and dries to leave a thin decorative or protective coating.
rate;a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
arty;making a strong, affected, or pretentious display of being artistic or interested in the arts.
pert;(of a young woman) attractively lively or cheeky.
tape;a narrow strip of material, typically used to hold or fasten something.
tear;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
rapt;feeling great rapture or delight.
rant;speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
tiny;very small.
party;an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
panty;legless underpants worn by women and girls.
rite;a religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
trap;a device or enclosure designed to catch and retain animals.
titan;a person of exceptional importance and reputation.
patter;a quick succession of light rapid sounds.
tarp;waterproofed canvas.
print;reproduce by printing.
inapt;not elegant or graceful in expression.
trite;repeated too often.
tint;a shade or variety of a colour.
pertain;be relevant to.
pantry;a small storeroom for storing foods or wines.
tart;an open pastry case containing a sweet or savoury filling.
nitrate;a salt or ester of nitric acid.
patient;able to accept or tolerate delays, problems, or suffering without becoming annoyed or anxious.
painter;a worker who is employed to cover objects with paint.
pent;(of emotions, energy, etc.) unable to be expressed or released.
peat;a brown material consisting of partly decomposed vegetable matter.
ratty;resembling or characteristic of a rat.
entity;a thing with distinct and independent existence.
parity;functional equality.
prate;speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly.
petit;of little or lesser importance - small.
patent;a government authority or licence conferring a right or title for a set period, especially the sole right to exclude others from making, using, or selling an invention.
tarn;a mountain lake or pool.
type;a category of people or things having common characteristics.
taint;a trace of a bad or undesirable substance or quality.
entrap;catch in or as if in a trap.
anti;opposed to - against.
tripe;the first or second stomach of a cow or other ruminant used as food.
tinea;infections of the skin or nails caused by fungi and appearing as itching circular patches.
inert;slow and apathetic.
treaty;a formally concluded and ratified agreement between states.
apter;appropriate or suitable in the circumstances (comparative adj).
piety;righteousness by virtue of being pious.
tier;each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other.
inept;having or showing no skill.
pant;breathe with short, quick breaths, typically from exertion or excitement.
trey;one of four playing cards in a deck having three pips.
treat;an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight.
pint;a unit of liquid or dry capacity equal to one eighth of a gallon.
nattier;(of a person or an article of clothing) smart and fashionable (comparative adj).
repaint;paint again.
ante;a stake put up by a player in poker or brag before receiving cards.
part;an amount or section which, when combined with others, makes up the whole of something.
tinter;a hairdresser who tints hair.
pate;a paste or spread made of puréed or finely chopped liver, meat, fish, game, etc.
inter;place (a corpse) in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
pirate;someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a commission from any sovereign nation.
retain;continue to have (something).
pretty;(of a person, especially a woman) attractive in a delicate way without being truly beautiful.
pattern;a repeated decorative design.
teat;the small projection of a mammary gland.
pantie;short underpants worn by women and girls.
pyrite;a shiny yellow mineral consisting of iron disulphide and typically occurring as intersecting cubic crystals.
peaty;of, pertaining to, resembling, or containing the substance peat.
tyre;hoop that covers a wheel.
pita;flat, hollow, slightly leavened bread which can be split open to hold a filling (two spellings accepted).
antitype;an opposite or contrasting type.
pitta;flat, hollow, slightly leavened bread which can be split open to hold a filling (two spellings accepted).
paternity;the kinship relation between an offspring and the father.
niter;potassium nitrate (saltpetre) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive (both spellings accepted).
nitre;potassium nitrate (saltpetre) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive (both spellings accepted).
