coital;connected with or relating to sexual intercourse.
aioli;a Mediterranean sauce made of garlic and olive oil.
nail;a small metal spike with a broadened flat head, driven into wood to join things together or to serve as a hook.
licit;not forbidden - lawful.
tinfoil;foil made of aluminium or a similar grey metal, used especially for covering or wrapping food.
noil ; short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning.
cilia;short hairlike filaments on tissue cells of most animals that provides the means for locomotion of protozoans.
talon;a claw, especially one belonging to a bird of prey.
flat;having a level surface without raised areas or indentations.
tonal;relating to the tone of music, colour, or writing.
loan;a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
clot;a thick mass of coagulated liquid, especially blood, or of material stuck together.
loaf;a quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
cola;a brown carbonated drink.
talc;fine powder with a pleasant smell which people put on their bodies after they have had a bath or a shower.
tail;the hindmost part of an animal, especially when prolonged beyond the rest of the body.
foil;prevent (something considered wrong or undesirable) from succeeding.
flan;a baked dish consisting of an open-topped pastry case with a savoury or sweet filling.
coal;a combustible black or dark brown rock consisting chiefly of carbonized plant matter.
octal;relating to or using a system of numerical notation that has 8 rather than 10 as a base.
lint;short, fine fibres which separate from the surface of cloth or yarn during processing.
lion ; a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India.
loin ; the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones.
coil;a length of something wound in a joined sequence of concentric rings.
loft;a room or space directly under the roof of a house or other building, used for accommodation or storage.
flint;a hard grey rock consisting of nearly pure silica (chert), occurring chiefly as nodules in chalk.
final;the last one in a series of events, things, or people.
colt;a young uncastrated male horse, in particular one less than four years old.
aloft;up in or into the air - overhead.
calf;a young bovine animal, especially a domestic cow or bull in its first year.
toil;work extremely hard or incessantly.
lain;place in a horizontal position (past participle).
clan;a close-knit group of interrelated families, especially in the Scottish Highlands.
flit;move swiftly and lightly.
foal;a young horse or related animal.
italic;of the sloping kind of typeface used especially for emphasis or distinction and in foreign words.
float;rest or move on or near the surface of a liquid without sinking.
lift;raise to a higher position or level.
alto;(especially in church music) the highest adult male singing voice.
fictional;relating to characters or events of stories, plays, or films.
folic;water-soluble vitamin also known as vitamin B9.
oilcan;a can, especially one with a long nozzle, for machine lubricant.
fail;be unsuccessful in achieving one's goal.
loci;the most important area or point with which something is associated (plural).
focal;relating to the centre or most important part.
inflict;cause (something unpleasant or painful) to be suffered by someone or something.
falcon;a bird of prey with long pointed wings and a notched beak, typically catching prey by diving on it from above.
