mead;an alcoholic drink of fermented honey and water.
moved;go in a specified direction or manner, change position (past tense).
diatom;a single-celled alga which has a cell wall of silica. Many kinds are planktonic, and extensive fossil deposits have been found.
movie;a cinema film.
emit;produce and discharge (something, especially gas or radiation).
vomited;eject matter from the stomach through the mouth (past tense).
item;an individual article or unit, especially one that is part of a list, collection, or set.
demo;a demonstration of a product or technique.
team;a group of players forming one side in a competitive game or sport.
motivated;provide (someone) with a reason for doing something (past tense).
matted;(especially of hair, wool, or fur) tangled into a thick mass.
made;past and past participle of make.
mode;a way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.
mote;a tiny piece of a substance - a speck.
vomit;eject matter from the stomach through the mouth.
matt;(of a surface or colour) dull and flat, without a shine (variant spelling also accepted).
moat;a deep, wide ditch surrounding a castle, fort, or town, typically filled with water and intended as a defence against attack.
omit;leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
mate;the sexual partner of a bird or other animal.
motivate;provide (someone) with a reason for doing something.
mated;(of animals or birds) come together for breeding (past tense).
time;the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future regarded as a whole.
timed;plan, schedule, or arrange when (something) should happen or be done.
matte;(of a surface or colour) dull and flat, without a shine (variant spelling also accepted).
mitt;a mitten.
atom;the smallest particle of a chemical element that can exist.
mite;a minute arachnid which has four pairs of legs when adult, related to the ticks. Many kinds live in the soil and a number are parasitic on plants or animals.
maid;a female domestic servant.
dime;a ten-cent coin.
tamed;domesticate (an animal) (past tense).
motive;a reason for doing something.
meat;the flesh of an animal, typically a mammal or bird, as food.
aimed;point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
media;the main means of mass communication (broadcasting, publishing, and the Internet) regarded collectively.
omitted;leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully (past tense).
dome;a rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.
dame;(in the UK) the title given to a woman with the rank of Knight Commander or holder of the Grand Cross in the Orders of Chivalry.
tame;(of an animal) not dangerous or frightened of people - domesticated.
totem;a natural object or animal that is believed by a particular society to have spiritual significance and that is adopted by it as an emblem.
move;go in a specified direction or manner, change position.
amid;surrounded by - in the middle of.
tome;a book, especially a large, heavy, scholarly one.
admit;confess to be true or to be the case.
edam;a yellow pressed cheese of Dutch origin usually made in flattened balls and often coated with red wax.
moated;of a fortified place (such as a castle) that is surrounded by a deep and wide trench that is usually filled with water.
