cite;refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
cere;a fleshy, membranous covering of the base of the upper mandible of a bird, especially a bird of prey or a parrot, through which the nostrils open.
otic;relating to the ear.
erection;the action of erecting a structure or object.
cent;a monetary unit in various countries, equal to one hundredth of the currency unit.
niece;a daughter of one's brother or sister.
tonic;a medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigour or well-being.
creep;move slowly and carefully in order to avoid being heard or noticed.
trice;in a moment.
piece;a portion of an object or of material, produced by cutting, tearing, or breaking the whole.
notice;the fact of observing or paying attention to something.
once;on one occasion or for one time only.
core;the part of something that is central to its existence or character.
encore;a repeated or additional performance of an item at the end of a concert, as called for by an audience.
crop;a cultivated plant that is grown on a large scale commercially, especially a cereal, fruit, or vegetable.
recipe;a set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required.
entice;attract or tempt by offering pleasure or advantage.
price;the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.
erotic;relating to or tending to arouse sexual desire or excitement.
pincer;a tool made of two pieces of metal with blunt concave jaws that are arranged like the blades of scissors, used for gripping and pulling things.
rice;a swamp grass which is widely cultivated as a source of food, especially in Asia.
cone;a solid or hollow object which tapers from a circular or roughly circular base to a point.
optic;relating to the eye or vision.
pence;plural form of penny.
centre;the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere (both spellings accepted).
center;the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere (both spellings accepted).
tropic;either of the two parallels of terrestrial latitudes where the sun is directly overhead when it reaches its most northerly or southerly point in the sky.
epic;a long poem, typically one derived from ancient oral tradition, narrating the deeds and adventures of heroic or legendary figures or the past history of a nation.
pectin;a soluble gelatinous polysaccharide which is present in ripe fruits and is used as a setting agent in jams and jellies.
cote;a shelter for mammals or birds, especially pigeons.
poetic;relating to or used in poetry.
cope;(of a person) deal effectively with something difficult.
crone;an ugly old woman.
coterie;a small group of people with shared interests or tastes, especially one that is exclusive of other people.
recite;repeat aloud or declaim (a poem or passage) from memory before an audience.
reception;the area in a hotel or organization where guests and visitors are greeted and dealt with.
prince;the son of a monarch.
crept;past and past participle of creep.
recent;having happened, begun, or been done not long ago.
percent;by a specified amount in or for every hundred.
icon;a symbol or graphic representation on a screen of a program, option, or window.
corn;the grain of a cereal crop also known as maize.
erect;rigidly upright or straight.
topic;a matter dealt with in a text, discourse, or conversation.
nice;pleasant or attractive.
nicer;pleasant or attractive (comparative adj).
citron;a shrubby Asian tree bearing fruits which resemble large lemons with less acid flesh and thick fragrant peel.
receipt;a written or printed statement acknowledging that something has been paid for or that goods have been received.
crepe;a thin pancake.
porcine;of, affecting, or resembling a pig or pigs.
coin;a flat disc or piece of metal with an official stamp, used as money.
copier;a machine that makes exact copies of something, especially documents, video or audio recordings, or software.
cretin;a stupid person (used as a general term of abuse).
pierce;(of a sharp pointed object) go into or through (something).
cornet;a brass instrument resembling a trumpet but shorter and wider.
toric;having the form of a torus or part of a torus.
