violet;a bluish-purple colour seen at the end of the spectrum opposite red.
into;expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
vine;a climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family.
veil;a piece of fine material worn by women to protect or conceal the face.
until;up to the point in time or the event mentioned.
inlet;a small arm of the sea, a lake, or a river.
evil;profoundly immoral and malevolent.
noil;short strands and knots combed out of wool fibre before spinning.
lotion;a thick, smooth liquid preparation designed to be applied to the skin.
tile;a thin rectangular slab of baked clay or other material, used in overlapping rows for covering roofs.
outline;a line or set of lines enclosing or indicating the shape of an object in a sketch or diagram.
untie;undo or unfasten (something that is tied or tied up).
violent;using or involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
tine;a prong or sharp point, such as that on a fork or antler.
loin;the part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones.
lint;short, fine fibres which separate from the surface of cloth or yarn during processing.
vile;extremely unpleasant.
unlit;not having been ignited.
line;a long, narrow mark or band.
unveil;remove a veil or covering from, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
lion;a large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India.
toil;work extremely hard or incessantly.
voile;a thin, semi-transparent fabric of cotton, wool, or silk.
lieu;instead.
viol;a violin-like instrument.
ovine;relating to or resembling sheep.
liven;make or become more lively or interesting.
live;remain living.
olive;a small oval fruit with a hard stone and bitter flesh used as food and as a source of oil.
evolution;the process by which different kinds of living organism are believed to have developed from earlier forms during the history of the earth.
vein;any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart.
unite;come or bring together for a common purpose or action.
volution;a single turn of a spiral or coil.
lite;denoting a low-fat or low-sugar version of a manufactured food or drink product.
unit;an individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
lien;a right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
outlive;(of a person) live longer than (another person).
involute;complex, intricate, or involved.
