trails;a mark or a series of signs or objects left behind by the passage of someone or something (plural).
rats;a rodent that resembles a large mouse (plural).
lira;A basic monetary unit of some countries.
albs;a white vestment reaching to the feet, worn by clergy and servers in some Christian Churches.
mistrial;a trial rendered invalid through an error in the proceedings.
balm;a fragrant cream or liquid used to heal or soothe the skin.
bait;food placed on a hook or in a net, trap, or fishing area to entice fish or other animals as prey.
similar;having a resemblance in appearance, character, or quantity, without being identical.
mail;letters and parcels sent by post.
stab;thrust a knife or other pointed weapon into (someone) so as to wound or kill.
marts;a trade centre or market (plural).
arts;the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture (plural).
tail;the hindmost part of an animal, especially when prolonged beyond the rest of the body.
tars;cover something with tar.
labs;short for laboratory (plural).
sitar;a large, long-necked Indian lute with movable frets, played with a wire pick.
basil;an aromatic plant of the mint family, native to tropical Asia. The leaves are used as a culinary herb, especially in Mediterranean dishes.
alibi;a claim or piece of evidence that one was elsewhere when an act, typically a criminal one, is alleged to have taken place.
bails;release or secure the release of (a prisoner) on payment (third person).
slam;shut (a door, window, or lid) forcefully and loudly.
smart;having or showing a quick-witted intelligence.
airs;the invisible gaseous substance surrounding the earth, a mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen (plural).
ambit;the scope, extent, or bounds of something.
slab;a large, thick, flat piece of stone or concrete, typically square or rectangular in shape.
lamb;a young sheep.
stair;a set of steps leading from one floor to another (singular).
balms;a fragrant cream or liquid used to heal or soothe the skin (plural).
tibia;the inner and larger of the two bones between the knee and the ankle.
mats;a piece of coarse material placed on a floor for people to wipe their feet on (plural).
brats;a child, typically one that is badly behaved (plural).
star;a fixed luminous point in the night sky which is a large, remote incandescent body like the sun.
mars;impair the quality or appearance of (third person).
alms;gifts of money, clothes, or food to poor people.
astir;in a state of excited movement.
rails;a bar or series of bars fixed on upright supports or attached to a wall or ceiling (plural).
trial;a formal examination of evidence by a judge in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings.
tabs;a small flap or strip of material attached to or projecting from something, used to hold, fasten, or manipulate it, or for identification and information (plural).
mast;a tall upright post, spar, or other structure on a ship or boat, in sailing vessels generally carrying a sail or sails.
trail;a mark or a series of signs or objects left behind by the passage of someone or something.
lambs;a young sheep (plural).
trams;a passenger vehicle powered by electricity conveyed by overhead cables, and running on rails laid in a public road (plural).
sail;a piece of material extended on a mast to catch the wind and propel a boat or ship or other vessel.
rail;a bar or series of bars fixed on upright supports or attached to a wall or ceiling.
bast;fibrous material from a plant, in particular the inner bark of a tree such as the lime, used as fibre in matting, cord, etc.
mart ; a trade center or market.
arms;a human upper limb, especially the part between the shoulder and the wrist (plural).
bars;a long rigid piece of wood, metal, or similar material, typically used as an obstruction, fastening, or weapon (plural).
malt;barley or other grain that has been steeped, germinated, and dried, used for brewing or distilling and vinegar-making.
slat;a thin, narrow piece of wood, plastic, or metal, especially one of a series which overlap or fit into each other, as in a fence or a Venetian blind.
liras;A basic monetary unit of some countries (plural).
tsar;one having great power or authority.
bias;inclination or prejudice for or against one person or group, especially in a way considered to be unfair.
blast;a destructive wave of highly compressed air spreading outwards from an explosion.
mails;seding letters and parcels by post (third person).
last;coming after all others in time or order.
tribal;of or characteristic of a tribe or tribes.
rams;roughly force (something) into place (third person).
sari;a garment consisting of a length of cotton or silk elaborately draped around the body, traditionally worn by women from South Asia.
salt;a white crystalline substance which gives seawater its characteristic taste and is used for seasoning or preserving food.
tibias;the inner and larger of the two bones between the knee and the ankle (plural).
bail;the temporary release of an accused person awaiting trial, sometimes on condition that a sum of money is lodged to guarantee their appearance in court.
ails;trouble or afflict (someone) in mind or body (third person).
tram ; a trolley car.
baits;the act of placing food on a hook or in a net, trap, or fishing area to entice fish or other animals as prey (third person).
tribalism;the state or fact of being organized in a tribe or tribes.
amirs;a title of various Muslim (mainly Arab) rulers (alt. spelling) (plural).
ambits;the scope, extent, or bounds of something (plural).
lairs;a place where a wild animal lives (plural).
trials;a formal examination of evidence by a judge in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings (plural).
malts;barley or other grain that has been steeped, germinated, and dried, used for brewing or distilling and vinegar-making (plural).
bras;an undergarment worn by women to support the breasts (plural).
lair;a place where a wild animal lives.
alibis;a claim or piece of evidence that one was elsewhere when an act, typically a criminal one, is alleged to have taken place (plural).
liars;a person who tells lies (plural).
amir;a title of various Muslim (mainly Arab) rulers (alt. spelling).
brat;a child, typically one that is badly behaved.
tails;the hindmost part of an animal, especially when prolonged beyond the rest of the body (plural).
liar;a person who tells lies.
bats;take the role of hitting a ball in sport (third person).
aims;point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target (third person).
rial;a basic monetary unit of some Middle Eastern countries.
rials;a basic monetary unit of some Middle Eastern countries (plural).
tibial;relating to the tibia.
barm;froth on fermenting malt liquor used as a natural yeast starter.
