hock;the joint in a quadruped's hind leg between the knee and the fetlock, the angle of which points backwards.
slick;done or operating in an impressively smooth and efficient way.
lick;pass the tongue over (something) in order to taste, moisten, or clean it.
thick;with opposite sides or surfaces that are far or relatively far apart.
hocks;the joint in a quadruped's hind leg between the knee and the fetlock, the angle of which points backwards (plural).
skim;remove (a substance) from the surface of a liquid.
shock;a sudden upsetting or surprising event or experience.
milks;draw milk from (a cow or other animal), either by hand or mechanically.
mock;tease or laugh at in a scornful or contemptuous manner.
stock;the goods or merchandise kept on the premises of a shop or warehouse and available for sale or distribution.
tick;a regular short, sharp sound, especially that made by a clock or watch.
silk;a fine, strong, soft lustrous fibre produced by silkworms in making cocoons and collected to make thread and fabric.
skit;a short comedy sketch or piece of humorous writing, especially a parody.
licks;pass the tongue over (something) in order to taste, moisten, or clean it (third person).
kilo;a kilogram or kilometer.
shtick;a gimmick, comic routine, style of performance, etc. associated with a particular person.
sock;a garment for the foot and lower part of the leg, typically knitted from wool, cotton, or nylon.
stick;a thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut off a tree.
ticks;a regular short, sharp sound, especially that made by a clock or watch (plural).
kilt;a garment resembling a knee-length skirt of pleated tartan cloth, traditionally worn by men as part of Scottish Highland dress and now also worn by women and girls.
milk;an opaque white fluid rich in fat and protein, secreted by female mammals for the nourishment of their young.
smock;a dress or top for a woman or girl, gathered at the chest and having a loosely fitting lower part.
kits;a set of articles or equipment needed for a specific purpose.
kilts;a garment resembling a knee-length skirt of pleated tartan cloth, traditionally worn by men as part of Scottish Highland dress and now also worn by women and girls (plural).
locks;a mechanism for keeping a door, window, lid, or container fastened, typically operated by a key (plural).
lock;a mechanism for keeping a door, window, lid, or container fastened, typically operated by a key.
mocks;tease or laugh at in a scornful or contemptuous manner (third person).
kith;one's relations.
kitsch;art, objects, or design considered to be in poor taste because of excessive garishness or sentimentality, but sometimes appreciated in an ironic or knowing way.
sick;affected by physical or mental illness.
locksmith;a person who makes and repairs locks.
kohl;a cosmetic of Eastern origins used to make a dark line along the edges of someone's eyelids.
kilos;a kilogram or kilometer (plural).
