cuter;attractive in a pretty or endearing way (comparative adj).
react;respond in a particular way.
ultra;going beyond the usual limit, excessive, extreme, esp. in opinions.
rule;one of a set of explicit or understood regulations or principles governing conduct or procedure within a particular area of activity.
lure;tempt (a person or animal) to do something or to go somewhere, especially by offering some form of reward.
urea;a colourless crystalline compound which is the main nitrogenous breakdown product of protein metabolism in mammals and is excreted in urine.
wear;have (something) on one's body as clothing, decoration, or protection.
altar;the table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services.
alert;quick to notice any unusual and potentially dangerous or difficult circumstances.
real;actually existing as a thing or occurring in fact - not imagined or supposed.
carat;a measure of the purity of gold.
cruel;wilfully causing pain or suffering to others, or feeling no concern about it.
clear;easy to perceive, understand, or interpret.
truce;an agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting or arguing for a certain time.
tear;pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
trace;find or discover by investigation.
curt;rudely brief.
area;a region or part of a town, a country, or the world.
rectal;relating to or affecting the rectum.
ware;pottery, typically that of a specified type.
care;the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
cruet;a small container or set of containers for salt, pepper, oil, or vinegar for use at a dining table.
aware;having knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.
race;a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
aurae;the distinctive atmosphere or quality that seems to surround and be generated by a person, thing, or place (plural).
water;a colourless, transparent, odourless liquid that is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
curate;to be in charge of selecting, arranging, and presenting material (for an art exhibition or museum).
later;doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time (comparative adj).
aura;the distinctive atmosphere or quality that seems to surround and be generated by a person, thing, or place.
ecru;the light fawn colour of unbleached linen.
tare;the weight of a vehicle without its cargo, passengers, etc.
craw;the crop of a bird or insect.
ureal;related to the main compound of urine.
wart;a small, hard, benign growth on the skin, caused by a virus.
trawl;pull a wide net behind a ship in order to catch fish.
rate;a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
cater;provide people with food and drink at a social event or other gathering.
acre;a unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare).
crew;a group of people who work on and operate a ship, aircraft, etc.
curl;form or cause to form into a curved or spiral shape.
cartel;an association of manufacturers or suppliers with the purpose of maintaining prices at a high level and restricting competition.
recta;the final section of the large intestine, terminating at the anus (plural).
caterwaul;make a shrill howling or wailing noise like that of a cat.
earl;a British nobleman ranking above a viscount and below a marquess.
cart;a strong open vehicle with two or four wheels, typically used for carrying loads and pulled by a horse.
lucre;money, especially when regarded as sordid or distasteful or gained in a dishonourable way.
ulcer;an open sore on an external or internal surface of the body, caused by a break in the skin or mucous membrane which fails to heal.
claret;a red wine from Bordeaux, or wine of a similar character made elsewhere.
aural;relating to the ear or the sense of hearing.
true;in accordance with fact or reality.
crate;a slatted wooden case used for transporting goods.
crawl;move forward on the hands and knees or by dragging the body close to the ground.
cure;relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
alter;change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
areal;of, relating to, or involving an area.
recut;remove further or different material from (a film or screenplay).
curlew;large migratory shorebirds of the sandpiper family.
rale;a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in some types of respiratory disorders).
caret;a cursor on a screen that shows where text should be entered.
