remind;cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
rend;tear (something) into pieces.
dine;eat dinner.
nerd;a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious.
mender;a skilled worker who repairs things.
rein;a long, narrow strap attached at one end to a horse's bit, typically used in pairs to guide or check a horse in riding or driving.
nuder;wearing no clothers (comparative adj).
enured;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant (past tense).
dime;a ten-cent coin.
mend;repair (something that is broken or damaged).
deem;regard or consider in a specified way.
rime;frost formed on cold objects by the rapid freezing of water vapour in cloud or fog.
rune;a letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet.
reined;check or guide (a horse) by pulling on its reins.
indue;endow or provide with a quality or ability (two spellings accepted).
rimed;covered (an object) with hoar frost.
mien;a person's appearance or manner, especially as an indication of their character or mood.
demure;(of a woman or her behaviour) reserved, modest, and shy.
diner;a person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant.
mire;a stretch of swampy or boggy ground.
emir;a title of various Muslim (mainly Arab) rulers.
denim;a hard-wearing cotton twill fabric, typically blue and used for jeans and other clothing.
minder;a person whose job it is to look after someone or something.
need;require (something) because it is essential or very important rather than just desirable.
reed;a tall, slender-leaved plant of the grass family, which grows in water or on marshy ground.
rued;bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone (past tense).
inured;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant (past tense).
ride;sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse).
miner;a person who works in a mine.
endue;endow or provide with a quality or ability (two spellings accepted).
dire;extremely serious or urgent.
inure;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant (two spellings accepted).
under;extending or directly below.
dimer;a molecule or molecular complex consisting of two identical molecules linked together.
endure;suffer (something painful or difficult) patiently.
ruined;reduce (a building or place) to a state of decay, collapse, or disintegration (adj).
dune;a mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert.
emend;make corrections and revisions to (a text).
murine;relating to or affecting mice or related rodents.
mined;obtain (coal or other minerals) from a mine (past tense).
inner;situated inside or further in.
mine;used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker.
nine;equivalent to the product of three and three.
ennui;a feeling of listlessness and dissatisfaction arising from a lack of occupation or excitement.
dinner;the main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.
mere;used to emphasize how small or insignificant someone or something is.
deer;a hoofed grazing or browsing animal, with branched bony antlers that are shed annually and typically borne only by the male.
minuend;a quantity or number from which another is to be subtracted.
demur;raise objections or show reluctance.
unmined;natural minerals not yet extracted from a source of supply in the earth.
enure;accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant (two spellings accepted).
eider;a northern sea duck, of which the male is mainly black-and-white with a coloured head, and the female brown.
denier;a person who denies something, especially someone who refuses to admit the truth of a concept that is supported by the majority of scientific.
ermine;a stoat, especially when in its white winter coat.
nude;wearing no clothes.
urine;a watery, typically yellowish fluid stored in the bladder and discharged through the urethra.
undermine;erode the base or foundation of (a rock formation).
mired;cause to become stuck in mud.
rude;offensively impolite or bad-mannered.
menu;a list of dishes available in a restaurant.
rumen;part of a cow's digestive system.
neem;a tropical tree, that yields timber, oil, medicinal products, and insecticide.
