world ; the earth, together with all of its countries, peoples, and natural features.
found ; past and past participle of find.
four ; equivalent to the product of two and two.
down ; toward or in a lower place or position, especially to or on the ground or another surface.
done ; past participle of do.
lowed ; (of a cow) make a characteristic deep sound.
role ; an actor's part in a play, movie, etc.
word ; a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence.
lower ; less high in position.
lord ; someone or something having power, authority, or influence.
flow ; (of a fluid, gas, or electricity) move along or out steadily and continuously in a current or stream.
flowed ; (of a fluid, gas, or electricity) move along or out steadily and continuously in a current or stream (past tense).
would ; past of will, in various senses.
round ; shaped like or approximately like a circle or cylinder.
older ; having lived for a long time (comparative adj).
wonder ; a feeling of amazement and admiration, caused by something beautiful, remarkable, or unfamiliar.
rowed ; have a quarrel (past tense).
wore ; past and past participle of wear.
owned ; have (something) as one's possession (past tense).
owner ; a person who owns something.
wound ; an injury to living tissue caused by a cut, blow, or other impact, typically one in which the skin is cut or broken.
node ; a point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
loud ; producing or capable of producing much noise.
louder ; producing or capable of producing much noise (comparative adj).
flower ; the seed-bearing part of a plant, consisting of reproductive organs (stamens and carpels) that are typically surrounded by a brightly coloured corolla (petals) and a green calyx (sepals).
worn ; past participle of wear.
ford ; a shallow place in a river or stream allowing one to walk or drive across.
fold ; bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
rode ; past of ride.
wolf ; a wild carnivorous mammal of the dog family, living and hunting in packs.
wolfed ; devour (food) greedily (past tense).
folder ; a folding cover or holder, typically made of stiff paper or cardboard, for storing loose papers.
flour ; a powder obtained by grinding grain, typically wheat, and used to make bread, cakes, and pastry.
floured ; sprinkle (something, especially a work surface or cooking utensil) with a thin layer of flour.
founder ; a person who establishes an institution or settlement.
fond ; having an affection or liking for.
flown ; past participle of fly.
owed ; have an obligation to pay or repay (something, especially money) in return for something received (past tense).
fore ; situated or placed in front.
foul ; offensive to the senses, especially through having a disgusting smell or taste or being unpleasantly soiled.
fouler ; offensive to the senses, especially through having a disgusting smell or taste or being unpleasantly soiled (comparative adj).
lone ; having no companions.
lore ; a body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group, typically passed from person to person by word of mouth.
euro ; the single European currency.
noel ; Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards.
undo ; unfasten, untie, or loosen (something).
frown ; furrow one's brow in an expression of disapproval, displeasure, or concentration.
rondel ; a circular piece of metal used for protection, as part of a harness of plate armour, or attached to a helmet, breastplate, couter or on a gauntlet.
frowned ; furrow one's brow in an expression of disapproval, displeasure, or concentration (past tense).
unfold ; open or spread out from a folded position.
fowl ; a gallinaceous bird kept for its eggs and flesh.
fowled ;  to hunt birds (past tense).
drown ; die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
dole ; benefit paid by the government to the unemployed.
nodule ; a small swelling or aggregation of cells in the body, especially an abnormal one.
olden ; relating to former times.
drone ; make a continuous low humming sound.
endow ; give or bequeath an income or property to (a person or institution).
doer ; the person who does something.
redo ; do (something) again or differently.
flounder ; struggle or stagger helplessly or clumsily in water or mud.
dowel ; a peg of wood, metal, or plastic without a distinct head, used for holding together components of a structure.
lode ; a vein of metal ore in the earth.
loner ; a person who prefers not to associate with others.
wonderful ; inspiring delight, pleasure, or admiration.
dour ; relentlessly severe, stern, or gloomy in manner or appearance.
fouled ; (in sport) commit a foul against (an opponent).
lour ; look angry or sullen, scowl.
felon ; a person who has committed a felony.
floe ; a sheet of floating ice.
woeful ; characterized by, expressive of, or causing sorrow or misery.
frond ; the leaf or leaflike part of a palm, fern, or similar plant.
enrol ; officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
lorn ; lonely and abandoned (adj).
fonder ; having an affection or liking for (comparative adj).
downer ; a dispiriting or depressing experience or factor.
fondle ; stroke or caress lovingly or erotically.
loured ; look angry or sullen, scowl (past tense).
enfold ; to surround.
rewound ; past and past participle of rewind.
fondue ; a dish in which small pieces of food are dipped into a hot sauce or a hot cooking medium such as oil or broth.
fondu ; (of a position) involving a lowering of the body by bending the knee of the supporting leg.
rowel ; a spiked revolving disk at the end of a spur.
wounder ; a person or object that inflicts a wound.
underflow ; an undercurrent.
fowler ; a person who hunts wildfowl.
fondler ; one who fondles.
dower ; the portion of a deceased husband's real property allowed to his widow for her lifetime.
